{"1nNArxJdbKsBTDiylYigIg": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "2/1/2019", "Note to future self: never order from here. I've never gone to the restaurant but instead ordered a delivery. This review is for the quality of the food, not service. The food is careless to the extend of being disrespectful. All the sushi were mushy, wet, with too much mayonnaise, too little flavor. The dumplins and the grilled makarel were uneatable. The kolbi tang soup, which is beef in a clear beef broth, had about three tiny pieces of beef. The rest were huge chunks of boiled carrots. There was way too much oil in the broth of a clear soup. The only thing that the family of three ate was plain rice. The meal costed 70 usd. Be ready to make your own peanut butter sandwiches if you order from here.", 1, 1], "7rfumZn_RU5VjaJvCr5IoQ": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "1/28/2019", "Great sushi, price point is good also I dont know why people say its expensive. Dont got much more to say but yelp wont let me post till it long enough.", 5, 1], "6dn6Z2ZxuN4EvwPOoOtn0g": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "11/27/2018", "I've been here twice, once on a Sunday around 4ish when there was absolutely no one else in the restaurant and it still took about 15-20 minutes to be greeted and given water. After the waitress took our order it was another 30-40 minutes to receive our food. We had only ordered sushi rolls so nothing should have taken 40 minutes to prepare. The second time I went with my boyfriend and my two friends. We went during happy hour (1-3:30ish) and got there around 2:30. The sushi rolls are 50% off during this time so we were excited for half off rolls. It took almost the entire hour to get our orders taken (we think the waitress may have been trying to wait out the happy hour special so we would have to pay full price). Either way, again, it was ridiculously bad service. The food was good and the price point is reasonable but the service at this restaurant makes the experience less than average. The food is good if you order it and have it delivered though. You get the good food without having the headache of going to the restaurant.", 2, 1], "l7oULh_4repEGZ_lCoTUSg": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "11/15/2018", "I went to this place for five times now. And I have to say how disappointed I am.The first time I went there, the sushi in bento box I order taste disgusting. And I had to spited it out immediately. And the staff explained to me a new staff just came in so that the cucumber were cut from yesterday, cause the new staff didn't know he need to throw it away. So they made another roll for me.The second time, my friend ordered the chicken teriyaki bento box and the chicken was not cooked throughly! But the staff there insisted maybe my friend liked the overlook taste of chicken. So they take back the bento and recook the chicken for my friend.And today, I ordered Korean spicy beef soup. It is the spiciest Korean soup I ever had in my life. I'm from north part of China and I can handle Korean spicy beef soup easily if it's made authentic. And this place is not authentic. It is made with very chemical like spicy sauces and my stomach hurts for a whole afternoon. The thing really pissed me off is when the staff were like: oh you can't eat spicy, next time I can make it less spicy for you. And I'm offended that they always blame their customer for their mistakes. Would not recommend this to anyone. Stay away this unauthentic place will make your life happier", 1, 2], "WCIxWyhNgzhaUszTr8a0ZA": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "11/10/2018", "I went to Sushi Osaka today with two friends, hearing good things about the sushi here. The food itself was pretty good for the most part. We ordered two Cornell rolls, and they were both crunchy and flavorful without being overly greasy.For entrees, we got the udon, donkatsu ramen, and beef yakisoba. The donkatsu ramen was delicious, with perfectly cooked noodles and very flavorful broth. However, the udon broth was very salty and we could not finish it. The beef yakisoba was good, definitely not the best we've ever had but perfectly suitable for the price and what was ordered.The reason I am giving Sushi Osaka two stars is because of the service and execution of our experience here today. There was only one server running the entire restaurant, which led to us having to wait 15 minutes before even being served water. We had to call her over multiple times just to take our orders. Once she took our orders, we then waited 50 minutes for our sushi to come out which is absolutely ridiculous considering nothing had to be cooked. After our sushi came out, the waitress came over 3 times to tell us our entrees would be coming out shortly. However, it was another 30 minutes before our entrees came out. What we had originally planned to be a casual hour long lunch ended up becoming an almost 3 hour meal.This is not acceptable for any restaurant and I will not be coming back to this establishment. Maybe they were just having an off day today, but waiting as long as we did for our food was definitely not worth it.", 2, 1], "D15UsRq7j1ttFKbcXC6CoA": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "9/5/2018", "The sushi is delicious and Mae, the host is extremely helpful with helping navigate the menu if you have allergies. I highly recommend eating here!", 5, 19], "fGGmLCP2Fz_V5FPRKU_Q5Q": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "6/18/2018", "Best and cheapest salmon sashimi in Ithaca. Good price and taste on the house sake. I usually go to Sumo or Tokyo Hibachi but this place is the best option of the three for sushi.", 5, 16], "W6nEFj0l6D1T86Vwm9eo8w": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "4/28/2018", "I was hesitant in writing this review, because I only ordered once and I typically like to give restaurants a few tries before writing. But I thought about it, and for the betterment of the community and perhaps the restaurant, i provide this warning.Ordered the ton katsu bento box that comes with a variety of sides. Here's my breakdown of each part.Ton Katsu (my choice) - Might as well be called a fried panko box cuz that was about all there was with literally (and I mean literally) 2-3mm thick pork cutlet. It was honestly impressive at how thin they were able to make this pork cutlet. Minimal meat flattened to maximize surface area to look like a lot of food. Probably spent about 5 minutes taking off one side of panko on each piece and then putting two pieces together....Other items that come with the bento box:Tempura - not bad actually. batter is decent. BUT they only give you vegetables and kani stick (no shrimp tempura, like plum tree in collegetown)Dumplings - gyoza and shumai are both deep fried. like deep deep fried with extra oil as you bite into it. I was hoping the shumai would be steamed (again, like plum tree). it would help balance out the grease of the other foodFried scallop - not bad. but it's absolutely the kind you get frozen in the supermarket.Seaweed salad - about a tablespoon, with meh flavorGreen salad - decentCalifornia roll - ok i guess, but the rice is off. doesn't have the right consistency that sushi rice should have. Miso soup and rice - good, your standard miso soup and your standard ricetldr - it was ok. HEAVY on the grease. Same price point as Plum Tree's bento box but lower quality of food, unless maybe you like your food dripping with oil and your california roll mushy? don't get me wrong, it's edible. but i doubt i'll be ordering from there again.", 2, 5], "HFR1zIJr5ES_3e5nWM7Epg": ["Yelp", "Sushi Osaka", "4/20/2018", "Ate here twice in the last week. I had veggie sushi and tried out a Korean dish. Both were fantastic and very reasonably priced. Plus the atmosphere is nice and the staff is very friendly. There is a very good possibility I may end up eating here a 3rd time this week. Great addition to the downtown Ithaca food scene.", 5, 19]}
{"j-KOBUDUheR_GUUO409DKQ": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "2/2/2019", "We visited Shahi Pakwan for the first time today. We had the buffet and I have to say though small it was the best Indian food I've tasted here in Ithaca, NY. It's located in the Gateway Center at the back. It's run by Raj and his parents who are very concerned about the quality and taste of the food they serve. I highly recommend this eatery to anyone who enjoys Indian food with a little spice to it. We will definitely return for another meal in the future!!!", 5, 0], "m8iM7cE-fSweBdmX2NigaA": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "12/9/2018", "Great new find! Friendly people, spicy lamb and chicken dishes, reasonable prices. I'll definitely have to return to sample more of the menu.", 5, 1], "MTxtVEq3VefLgn2yLtesOg": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "12/9/2018", "Fantastic Indian food! This place is new to Ithaca, and it was my first time here! It's a very cute hole in the wall in the Gateway Center, around the back corner. Lovely, friendly staff at this family owned and run joint. We got vegetable samosas which were the best, and most flavorful samosas I have had in a LONG time. Incredible spices were mixed into the potatoes and veggies, and the sauces were authentic and flavorful. Then we ordered Chicken Murgh Curry and Lamb Vindaloo with some naan on the side. Yum yum yum! Now, when they say spicy, they mean it! It was incredible flavorful and very spicy but coming from a girl who has had too many bland, watered down dishes, this is just what I wanted. You will not be disappointed in the quality and flavor of the dishes. Chicken and lamb were perfectly juicy and absorbed the flavor of the curries beautifully. I can't recommend this new Ithaca gem highly enough- go and get yourself some of this amazing food! Also, it looks like the have a great buffet set up for lunch!", 5, 0], "FRd1P4LiNUcZbsAkHSIOEQ": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "12/9/2018", "we were excited about another downtown Indian restaurant but, boy, were we sure disappointed: watery sauces and tasteless food. not sure how its possible to get it this wrong; I've had boxed Indian food with more taste. Mehawk is still king of Ithaca, and I'll keep wishing for a downtown dream.", 2, 0], "CJ6najIeqkOr8AQtP-qyTQ": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "10/19/2018", "Just ate our takeout dinner from Shahi Pakwan- it was excellent. Their papadams are the best that I have ever had- don't miss them. We got Sag Paneer, Sag Tikka Masala and Lamb Korma. All were really excellent. If you like Indian food, try this place!", 4, 0], "ceMAqKTEuNyFqLEziDqJxw": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "10/4/2018", "I really enjoyed my dinner takeout from Shahi Pakwan. It was ready by the time they promised and parking at the Gateway building isn't bad.Their chutneys were made at the restaurant and were really good. They were tasty enough that I saved them to have again with the leftovers. It seems like they got over their opening issues, because I had no concerns with the curry dishes I ordered being watery or flavorless. To be clear, this isn't fancy food. Like another reviewer said, it had a simple, home-style taste that was satisfying and not overly complicated. Medium spice was actually medium spice, there was no awful layer of ghee floating at the top of dishes like some places have, and portions compared to other area restaurants were fine (though I'd have liked a bit more meat in the lamb dish).I can't speak to the quality of the buffet, but I'll definitely be ordering take-out again if they keep delivering this quality of food.", 5, 0], "BDY32KrJte8CdnAiMtnBjQ": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "9/30/2018", "Finally there is an Indian restaurant in my hometown that I can recommend to everyone. There are lots of average Indian restaurants where you can get generic, rich and heavy food that can be spicy but never flavorful. Good Indian food is not just spicy. This is the place to go to eat simple and nutritious Indian food with an authentic and home made feel to it. It helps that it's an small and family run restaurant. They try to be innovative by adding new items to the spread from time to time. Ithaca has lots of choices and this place is located in an obscure corner of downtown but it worth checking out if you are in the mood for good quality North Indian food.This is a new and family run establishment, not a fast food drive through, so they can sometimes get overwhelmed with patrons. Please try to be patient if this happens and they will try to take care of you ASAP.", 5, 1], "cE9g8KllsCf2RjwhdwxQjA": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "9/24/2018", "First time eating at Shahi Pakwan and I will definitely be going back. The buffet offered a variety of appetizers and solid entrees. Loved the fish pakora and chilly chicken. I appreciate that this buffet incorporated fish, chilly chicken and paneer (items you don't usually get in Indian food buffets).Their chutney sauces are definitely homemade and fresh (the tamarind sauce was not overly sweet, the onion and green chutney were fresh and delicious. Raita was perfect. This is a small, \"mom and pop\" Indian resturaunt tucked away in a corner at the Gateway Center in Ithaca (so parking is a plus). The owners were extremely kind and caring. Service was great.", 5, 0], "aHQC2tPu30j92ph1jhgepA": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "9/24/2018", "This was the first time my fiance and I ate at this new restaurant in Ithaca, and as Indian food lovers we were very impressed with the authenticity of their food. The place is clean and service is really good. This is a family owned and operated establishment and many of their items on the menu are homemade style. I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone in town looking for Indian food.", 5, 0], "V8zYAOWRa3w3YdgFcpoczw": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "9/15/2018", "Good Indian restaurant tucked away in the back of the Gateway building. Small and family run.  Cozy with attentive service.Richer spice than many Ithaca Indian places. It's distinguished by using less ghee and cream. Lighter and spicer. The lunch buffet is nice, but do try dinner. I've always been pleased.", 4, 1], "7SoqX-S3_SG0luAHXArfEQ": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "9/1/2018", "Family owned and small, but the Indian spiced dishes were so wonderful! A must try for sure!", 5, 1], "LgO0aMZt9AVIQHke9fw0Kg": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "8/29/2018", "Stopped in for the buffet today and was a little surprised to see how spartan the options were. Went for it anyways because I was already there.Every single curry I ate was significantly watery, thin, under-seasoned, and not very flavorful. The naan was tough. The pakoras were reasonable but mostly potato. The kheer was flavorless.Not good.", 1, 1], "ourS7pxmtE4ZjVJKR73zzw": ["Yelp", "Shahi Pakwan", "8/26/2018", "Wife and I went on a Sunday for the lunch buffet.The restaurant is in the back of the shopping center, which may be difficult for some people to find. The interior was humble, yet clean and the proprietor was eager to ensure the temperature was to the liking of the customers.The servers were very prompt and eager to pick up our plates and brought us a pitcher so we could top off our own glasses. Pretty good for a buffet.Unfortunately, the food itself was not very flavorful, which is extremely disappointing as South Indian cuisine is that which I am most familiar with and fond of. The dishes that were spicy were one dimensional and lacked the robustness of flavor we were had hoped to find. The vegetarian dishes tended to be better, but besides the passable chicken tandori, the meat offerings were abysmal and for the most part they looked and tasted as if they had been over-boiled in water and then had a light sprinkling seasoning added.I really hope that these are new restaurant jitters and this place becomes a good addition to Ithaca, but as is I do not believe it justifies even the $10 price.", 2, 0]}
{"moYzf2hoM_6UwX4aan9-SA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "1/23/2019", "If only this place delivered!!! One of two of the most amazing Chinese food places in Ithaca. Fresh, high quality ingredients, great portions.", 5, 0], "_C32pGflUkV-wrK4Qr_B3g": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "8/24/2018", "Ling Ling is the best cheap Chinese takeout in Ithaca. Now - don't go there expecting five-star service or some over-the-top special menu items - they don't have those! They have cheap Chinese food, just like a thousand other restaurants like Ling Ling. But - if your expectations are of reasonably good cheap Chinese Food and you are not expecting Wa Jeel of NYC food - it's the best that Ithaca has to offer. Order your egg roll (which will be crispy) and your lunch special (which will be just fine) with confidence.", 5, 0], "fVwyI-gsGSf0EAJHpoCjDQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "3/11/2018", "If I'm comparing it to other Chinese takeout in Ithaca, it gets five stars--it's definitely the best in town. I've had better in bigger cities but all in all, it's solid Chinese takeout. Don't plan to eat there--people are coming in and out to pick up orders and it doesn't seem like a place where you'd want table service, even though there are a few tables. They are very fast--even when the place is crowded they can get an order ready in about ten minutes. The broccoli with garlic is exceptional. And the portions are extremely generous. We usually order two vegetarian dishes--the first time we ordered from Ling Ling, I picked up the bag and was certain I had someone else's order--it felt like it weighed five pounds, which would be a lot for two dishes and rice. So a $20 order is enough for at least two meals for two.", 4, 0], "zR8mCSb4YRAQSVZt8PGhEA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "10/5/2017", "I get the chicken lo mein lunch special a lot. It's my favorite lo mein of them all. Egg rolls are the best too. Good prices.", 5, 0], "anDPZUsKWi-ksMRZVGA3hg": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "5/28/2017", "I tried this place and the next day I had food poisoning. I was puking and had a fever all day. Never again. Avoid at All costs.", 1, 0], "mcPXDz_L5AsQ9DQdqGcK6A": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "9/19/2015", "If you like tons of water checstnuts instead of vegetables, then this is the place. Very disappointed with my pork and the missing mixed vegetables in garlic sauce.Should have gone to spicy Asian instead.", 2, 0], "wqFZVjZQt9Cfri5cAiGMOQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "8/21/2015", "Tried this place sometime ago. We unfortunately got pieces of raw pork in the fried rice we ordered. We also have heard rumors from people who work nearby that the employees are very ill-treated by whoever owns this restaurant. Not recommended.", 1, 0], "G7ajfkax2eD5sLUc7c8NgQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "7/15/2015", "LOVE linglings, close to work, great food!", 5, 0], "Q__KrXccEb7LkISNkx0t_A": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "6/18/2015", "Had Chinese cook and Chinese staff. How bad could it be?Chow fun noodles terribly over cooked, shrimp dish was like soup, not much taste in any dishes. How can this place stay in business?", 2, 0], "wfNly_kZOXv37rha7gNfhw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "6/3/2015", "This place deserves 10 stars! Best eggrolls I've ever had!! The food is so good! I always get it delivered. The place is small so it's not the kind of place you sit down at but the food is amazing!! You won't find better!", 5, 2], "L6AnWyEhScrKGVDfO1Uifw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "3/21/2014", "Absolutely THE WORST chinese restaurant I have ever had the misfortune to get food from. The food I purchased tasted burnt and left an unpleasant after taste in my mouth. Avoid at all costs.", 1, 0], "a74yOABiE5Cw1oOvNaaOfw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "7/6/2012", "Ling Ling on Elmira Road is my favorite choice for Chinese food in Ithaca. I have lived here for 35 years and there is no better choice.", 5, 0], "VrUkNM9iDudDZ5SZ7Ly_2g": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Restaurant", "10/24/2010", "This location is the south Ling Ling that mainly offers take out. The food is just as good as the main location. The counter staff is great. I usually request sweet and sour sauce to go so I can dip my eggroll in it and the lady always gives me a HUGE plastic container filled with their sauce. Their lunch specials are super cheap and their food is pretty good. It's not super authentic Chinese food, but it's definitely delicious and a great value. I usually get the chicken and broccoli or sweet and sour chicken. I'm a fan.", 5, 1]}
{"C5MYWViZp8JKV7IBS5FXxg": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "8/26/2018", "Great Subs, I was in town a couple of days both the Tuna and Chicken Buffalo were outstanding. Service was average. One annoying aspect was that at 6:15pm on a Sunday night, the floor was clean and dry; but they blocked the entire two rows of seating. This left five two seated tables, and a round table for five. This large restaurant sectioned off. Very poor way to treat customers. I read at my table and left at 7:30pm, still just the small section open. If I were local and this is their policy I would never return. You are opened until 9 pm, start cleaning at 8:30pm not close off an entire restaurant from 6pm. Wrong message to customers!", 3, 0], "CNxFjBWi0pmZ1xiPF8cKvg": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "7/26/2018", "Yummm!!! I came in here when they first opened and they were having some growing pains. Went in today and was so happy! Absolutely delicious! I'm a picky eater so I asked a bunch of questions and the manager, who was the person serving me, was very helpful and patient. So happy there's now a dibellas in Ithaca!", 5, 2], "kerJpeRuMz1Ilu5UEQX4eg": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "6/19/2018", "My sub was perfectly adequate. It was fine. But there was absolutely nothing special about it. The person who made my sub was friendly and efficient. I don't buy a lot of subs, but the price was higher than I expected. So, it was fine... But I don't have any reason to choose them over other places.", 3, 0], "b2DccDIS_rR8pc_QqVmVbw": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "5/21/2018", "Stopped in for a sandwich and was not left unmoved. It was well constructed, not falling apart, with a generous but not excessive meat portion and good application of oil/dressing and mustard. Lots of options, great taste, amazing bread. I'll be back. There's not a better sandwich in town.", 5, 0], "u6Pjafv_0yj6roeN6RRIdQ": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "3/8/2018", "We got take out here once and it was okay! I got an Italian sub with all the fixings- delicious but messy! My boyfriend got a buffalo chicken but it had no buffalo- just got peppers- and no blue cheese or ranch? It was very odd. We would try again- maybe they just misunderstood his order. The bread was baked perfectly and very fresh.", 4, 0], "kON7Eq9u1zKRUlPeKQRi1Q": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "10/19/2017", "Just happened across this place in Ithaca before heading back to the airport.If you can't imagine a premium sub experience, you'll understand the term after you visit the place. Others say they bake their own bread and offer choices, but these guys REALLY do. The taste is outta sight.", 5, 0], "-KnHBLO7D24eGHveb1FpNw": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "9/15/2017", "First experience here and was fantastic! I can't give five stars to almost anywhere because honestly I'm a harsh critic and I give maybe five to the best restaurants I've been to. This italian sub joint has nice freshly baked hard rolls, good quality ingredients and keeps up with a nice hometown sandwich rep- whilst maintaining a great customer to employee experience with flavor and a welcoming atmosphere. It is clean, nicely cool and has a good \"Nuevo deli\" (without being too much of a chain) aesthetic. I shared the old fashioned with everything on it and extra \"sloppy\" (extra sauce and such) and was completely accommodated with good vibes and pleasant greetings as well as clean humorous commentary. Overall this was a nice experience indulging in a sub after a nice hike in Ithaca on a warm fall day! Definitely would go back- i have tried multiple places in town and still am searching for the most authentic italian sub and have yet to discover it's existence here in town. If you want a well done affordable quality sandwich fast and easy - this is the spot to check out! Xoxo - Alex", 4, 0], "z-JF6Bf97sS5ockuhubimQ": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "9/13/2017", "Good sub, tastes like wegmans and all of the same options. Place was clean and staff was attentive and did a nice job. Price was about the same for a small sub in the area. Bread was a little tougher than wegmans but I really liked it. Checkout was very slow as the staff had to find a break in making subs to check people out. I will try it again as the food was good and fresh. I think this place will have a difficult time succeeding in Ithaca with the amount of options that people have to eat at.", 3, 0], "lT-vqd-WW7DByRLIoZSFxQ": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "5/23/2017", "Stopped because we had never been, and not sure I would go back. There are too many other choices in the area. My husband wanted a grilled sub and they told us they could heat the meat, but not toast the roll. Not sure why that would have been too much to ask. Seemed pretty expensive for a chain sub shop. I got the whole grain roll and it was very tough. I prefer a softer hoagie roll. I had the DiBellas oil dressing on my sub but it had very little flavor.", 2, 0], "tif0j31W9wHzQ2vu2CW0mg": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "4/13/2017", "First time customer. I was there at 1 PM. I really like this place. It is nice and wide open. Dining area is spacious. Staff is courteous and friendly. Signage and menu makes it clear how to order and what is available. My wife and I shared a large (14\") sub with turkey, roast beef and swiss cheese. They grilled the meat and cheese(this is optional) and served it on a delicious sub roll. The only reason that I have not rated this five stars is that the staff was not attentive to wiping off table tops. We sat down at one that wasn't too bad, but no one ever wiped down a table across from us and one behind it that was full of crumbs and greasy smears. Still, this is a great old style sub shop, and I recommend it.", 4, 2], "KGSvwXl1N_1km2REI5D4Hw": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "4/3/2017", "They have really gotten their act together. Every week when I go, they actually have been getting better and better in terms of service and quality of food. The amount is great for the price.", 4, 0], "gunXQ-JdHGYe66k_0sFJHA": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "2/20/2017", "Nice place! Two vegetarian sub options available, plus salads. Bread was fantastic(!) - reminiscent of a NYC/NJ deli. Best hoagie I've had in the area. Interior is \"old fashioned\" - comfy booths at metal tables, stamped metal ceiling, black and white photos on the walls, 30's big band playing on the radio. Staff was friendly & helpful. Potato chips are Miss Vickies! Prices for a meal (hoagie + chips + drink) are comparable to Subway, but much better tasting! Will definitely return.", 5, 1], "fBXmoEUkHCWgFXPN5WZUBQ": ["Yelp", "DiBella\u2019s Subs", "2/19/2017", "Absolutely fantastic. I was back in Ithaca for a hockey game and I've been known to travel far distances for DiBella's when craving it (during the summer of '16, I traveled 90 minutes from MA to CT just to get my fix!), so when I was in town a few days after DiBella's opened, how could I NOT try Ithaca's newest (and best) sub location?The thing that I was most impressed with was efficiency and kindness. Rochester knows how to do subs and the people they trained in Ithaca are no different. There was a decent line on the Saturday afternoon that I was there (they opened officially on Thursday, so still in the early opening days), but the line moved super quickly and everyone knew exactly what was going on. When I ordered a sub by name, I didn't have to repeat what meat was in it, I only said what type of bread, cheese, etc. once. Definitely on top of their stuff.AND, unlike *my* DiBella's on East Ave, they have COKE ZERO! Talk about exciting.My only knock down from 5 stars was that the bread, while great, was not quite up to the quality I expect from DiBella's. I'm not sure if that's because they overbaked the amount they'd need in the morning, or what, but the bread was just a little tougher than I was used to. I go back and forth from dining in at DiBella's and having DiBella's 4-5 hours after my boyf picks it up for me. Unfortunately, both rolls were just a little tougher than we were used to.We got the DiBella's Philly and the Uncle Louie on plain and multigrain respectively, so we did try different types of bread and noticed it was the same with both.Even with that, I would not hesitate to go back with regularity. The vibe was great (nice and busy, too!), the people were awesome, and food was solid.", 4, 1]}
{"nTNzYpExt0Z-fqwohVpotw": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "1/8/2019", "Great place to go grab a beer and wings, not a place to take someone on a first date. Everything is very affordable and delicious. Good music on the deck during summer months with umbrella seating.", 4, 0], "XgIiQCZNYyOms-yv68SxCw": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "6/18/2018", "This sleeper bar is probably the best local bar in town for a variety of reasons.Number 1 it has great pub food!!The specials are easy on the wallet The 60 cent wing special combined with 2 dollar Miller lights are hard to beat!!They also have a nice wide screen tv at the bar and are nice enough to put on what you want.I had the shrimp Poorboy and I was impressed with amount and the quality of shrimp included,The roll was very good along with fries..The crowd consists of a very friendly construction crowd but there are all types..I have heard some people say on yelp that the staff is not friendly. I disagree with that.This is not some expensive place that has some phoney Baloney hostess to greet you.So they are a bit more subtle but very friendly and helpfulAfter coming here about 8 times I would say this place is like Ithaca's version of cheers. One of very nice women who works there decided she is moving to St Petersburg Florida.One of the newer staff members is HolleyWho just moved out this way from Indiana..Watch out for her!!!l LoLNick the bartender is very accommodating and has a little bit of a dry sense of humorThe other nice touch is classic blues and hard rock are constantly playing at the perfect volumeEverything from the The allman bros to ZeppelinWith occasional tasteful Metallica or sabbath song mixed in...They basically have the same menu for dinner and lunch with some exceptions and a very nice deck to eat outside.Also do want to note that it is very very cleanIncluding the bathrooms!!Definitely worth the drive or stopping in if your in the area!!", 4, 1], "sYZ-JFofEc9egy4gN8xKZQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "3/29/2018", "I had driven by this place almost everyday for the past year before finally deciding to give it a drive. It really was not anything special the menu was simple with sandwiches, wraps, and burgers which is all you really want when you have a beer. The food was just a bit pricey for the quality of what I got. Drinks on the other hand were very reasonably priced compared to other restaurants in the area. I do look forward to giving this place another try when the porch is open and on a busier time then a Thursday.", 3, 0], "kjLp_ej7QP881-yqm8k2Zg": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "8/5/2017", "We came here because my wife won a gift card and we have been putting it off because we don't like the bar atmosphere . We were surprised that the food was much better than expected . She had the fish fry sandwich and I had the Cuban food was good wait staff was great early on a Saturday not much of a crowd . We both agreed to come back .", 4, 0], "n5FMJO9QxBAlbvJr1iqn4A": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "8/31/2015", "Pretty good service. Jerk chicken sandwich was awesomely yummy (special). Fried green tomatoes: tomatoes were good but I didn't like the sauce. Sauce was very acidic and odd tasting. I had to use ketchup or honey mustard for dipping. Cajun fries were cooked AND seasoned perfectly. Very much a local bar scene, very casual, spacious outdoor patio seating. Good prices. Nice staff.", 4, 1], "1twikc4wTWzTWUHO_Aj97A": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "8/13/2015", "I am a carnivore and I got their cheeseburger with pulled pork on it. I asked for medium on the burger and it was well done, dry and under seasoned. The sweet potato fries had the right idea: good taste, crispy on the outside, smooth on the inside but... some parts of the fries were almost burnt. My husband's sandwich was good - the Phat Pig and the beer was reasonably priced. I told the server about the burger and she gave us a free beer. She said they were really busy but they didn't appear unreasonably busy to me. I love food and I'll try it again if someone invites me, but not on my own.", 3, 0], "f8iaKj9qNNFYp4gea0fWaQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "7/24/2015", "Awesome roadside grill that serves real food! Cute waitresses, great local beer, KILLER cheesesteak sandwich. Make a detour for this place...", 5, 2], "pOchCw8FdY7cwnfQ9KKeQQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "5/21/2015", "I've been here many times. They always manage to wrong me in some way. After three strikes, I try to avoid this place.Strike 1: The waitress swiped my card 3 times. There was an issue with the computer where it wouldn't settle the transaction, but still put a PreAuth on my card. It never actually posted to my account, but my bank charged me overdraft fees since I didn't have the amounts that the PreAuths called for and I wasn't anticipating three $50 charges on my checking account.Strike 2: I like ranch with my fries, so I asked the waitress for some. She gave me a tiny portion cup of generic ranch and then charged me extra on my bill. Literally the only restaurant that has ever charged me extra for sauce.Strike 3: I tried to order the Jack Daniel's burger but the waitress wouldn't let me because I wasn't of age. That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Nobody from the liquor authority is going to come into your restaurant and perform sting operations on your fucking burgers. Rogues Harbor has a similar burger and I have never been carded.I give it 3 stars because the food, when I can get it, is usually pretty decent.", 3, 7], "MpdLRvXvTlYeiBsT8hlENA": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "3/31/2015", "i only got to check this place out once, but next time i'm working in the area i will definitely give it another shot. i like the looks of the place inside, lots of dark wood and kinda divey, but it would be a good place to hang out with a group of friends and let loose. the bartender that was there didn't seem like the most friendly woman on the planet, and then she pretty much ignored me after i placed my order, but maybe she was just having a bad day, i dunno. as for the food, the wings i got didn't impress me. it tasted like the fryer oil was old and needed to be replaced, and the hot buffalo sauce i ordered had BBQ sauce in it, but it did have a nice kick. now for the best part, my sandwich. i got the Phat Pig sandwich, and while the menu says that the pulled pork is house smoked and that the sandwich has BBQ sauce, i didn't feel like that was the case. i picked up no smoke flavor (and it didn't look smoked either), but it was still juicy and flavorful, even though they didn't put bbq sauce on it (they did give me a couple packets of some generic bbq sauce though). the ham on it was good but what made the sandwich great was the cajun coleslaw and the bread they used. i will definitely be trying this again, and hopefully if they do actually smoke their own pork it would be nice to see some more BBQ items on the menu.", 3, 3], "MQNKemrHLaHB1b_v72TyfQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "9/10/2013", "So I was very reluctant to give this place a try but I am glad I did. Went out on Saturday at about 4 in the afternoon and it was pretty dead which was fine with me. The server was nice but seemed like she might had been having a bad day. The atmosphere here isn't great, it's a bar after all and you can tell this place has been around for awhile. It was still pretty clean nonetheless and if it had been warmer I totally would've eaten outside as they have a great patio.I ordered a dozen garbage wings (mixed up all sauces) to start and they were pretty amazing. Might even be the best here in Ithaca. They were big and crunchy on the outside yet nice and juicy on the inside. My wife got the boneless wings with their garlic parm sauce and that was amazing, only had a little breading and a lot of chicken with those which is usually not something you get, usually it's all breading.I ordered the Jack Daniels burger for my entree as naturally my favorite burger in the world is the T.G.I.Fridays Jack Daniels Burger. It was huge, the patty was wide and thick which was great. The bun soaked up the juices but held itself together nice and firmly and didn't leak out the bottom. The onion rings on the burger were crispy not soggy, it came with 3 slices of bacon and the JD Sauce which was quite amazing. Now it tasted for like a bbq sauce mixed with JD but it was good! I ordered lettuce and tomato with my burger as in my opinion a burger is not a burger without them. The only regret I have about this burger was that I didn't order a side of the sauce as there was not enough on the burger though I love a lot of sauce on my burger.I had the Cajun French Fries on the side and by god they were amazing. I don't know what they put on the fries but these might had been the best fries I've ever had. They were hot, crunchy, and the seasoning was out of this world. A bit salty, spicy and you could definitely get those Cajun flavors. It was the perfect addition and they put a lot of fires on the side!The last reason this place gets a 5 star is because of the price, quality and quantity. The portions were huge, the prices were inexpensive, and the quality was amazing!Definitely get out and try this place, you won't regret it!", 5, 3], "-IrB1iN_AGpGqwD9efGfyA": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "5/28/2012", "Definitely a local dive bar, but it has its points. Some good food coming out of the kitchen and the Tuesday night wing special is a winner.  Outside deck seating is great but the inside could use a lot more work. The Mens room is tiny and looks like it was converted from a large closet.. Owner tends to hover at the bar glaring at the bartenders to make sure they don't over-pour by a tenth of an ounce which is kind of creepy. Giant TV behind the bar is nice for sports nights. Check it out for music on the weekends sometime. If you don't wear a trucker hat, you might stick out in the crowd.", 3, 0], "d_jN-UzlCi9-bcEXpku3rQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "1/22/2012", "The wings are great. Come on a monday, they have a great deal on wings and the beer is cheap too. It's best in the summer when you can sit out on the deck but inside has darts and pool which is always great. The fries and sandwiches are good too.", 5, 0], "HkpaG9stgUjO75ZNyrA8Kw": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "10/24/2011", "Seriously good sandwiches and fries.Stick to the sandwiches though. I tried the prime rib one night and they could not get it right (it was packed in their defense). Been there a dozen times and only one dud is not that bad.", 4, 0], "H2Izhdm9izhliOZeQIDvXg": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "1/29/2011", "Hands down, best bar in Tompkins County.Order The Mel or Wicked WedgesKaraoke on TuesdaysWing/Pizza Special on ThursdaysF.U.B.A.R. Fridays, and the best people you will ever meet in a bar every night of the week.Trust me, I know what I'm talking about.", 5, 0], "o4bnqnFMQd9740nEOn0xkQ": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "1/27/2010", "The food is surprisingly good for a dive bar (I'm a fan of the turkey sandwich, no sauce, added bacon). Also, their salads are surprisingly good.It's fun in the warmer months to fill the jukebox with the most obnoxious music you can think of and have an impromptu dance party on the porch. Speaking of which, the porch is extremely dog friendly, with little metal hooks to attach leashes to.The worst things about the place are probably the location and the times where the combined teeth of the patrons number less than the cars in the parking lot. Of course, that's when it's the BEST time to start playing Daft Punk or the Black-eyed Peas on the jukebox!", 4, 4], "RIt4-MQxoU53o_vCjTT2Tw": ["Yelp", "Plantation Bar and Grill", "4/8/2008", "Just another local dive bar. They have lots of tables, so it can be a nice place to sit, drink your beer, and just hang out. On Monday's they have 25 cent wings, which were okay even though they were a bit overcooked.The table service can be a little slow.", 3, 0]}
{"9XinqT8zgYgy0KuWDJ1jrA": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "9/17/2018", "Normal Taco Bell... THey do a great job with special orders for eat-in. Had great service from a young lady named Jessica. She'll take care of you! :) One thing that would be awesome... pumps for eat in sauce instead of using 100 little packets of sauce. I like it saucy!", 4, 0], "l6h34rNp4cCXrbvAlWSBOg": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "3/8/2018", "We love this taco bell because it is a non-judgement zone when you order 20$ worth for two people! Haha.", 5, 0], "vSYDXqm3ZS5lq_mixePOZQ": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "5/19/2017", "Went out there at 1 AM with my bikes because I don't have a car. After biking several miles and being shouted at by the other customers calling us \"Weiner Boys\" and toting confederate flags, clearly driving under the influence of alcohol, we got to the order intercom, the women working informed us that we cannot bring bikes in the drive through. This is very unfortunate because their food I not the best, and obviously the quality is bad, but as well, they turned us away because of some stupid safety policy. Very unfortunate. Later on we went to a local Calzone joint that served us happily.", 1, 1], "h2on46EWrPeEthkabftmSQ": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "12/27/2016", "If I could give no stars I would, traveling for the holidays got 25 minutes longer because of these stellar people! Hate to say anything bad about people working at a fast food establishment but wow....rise up and revolt against your crummy manager that has clearly never given you one day of training! Not only was the drive thru worker snippy but there seemed to be an even bigger line inside of obviously not happy customers, get it together people!", 1, 0], "cMMC7WYTHMFqbdeaGPNXMw": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "8/13/2016", "Slowest service ever. On multiple occasions, in line for at least ten minutes from placing order to receiving food in drive through. The food is always hot and fresh though.", 3, 1], "QzfgGr72K2qOoEAT0-ASiw": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "8/9/2016", "Unbearably slow. It doesn't matter what time of day you go, you're better off going to wegmans and picking up a DYI taco kit because this place takes so long. I've never seen a place so incompetently run. I suspect it's because Ithaca is a small town and there aren't many options here they figure they can get away with it. Whatever the case may be, I won't be going here again. Twice, *twice* I have had waits so long that I've had weight in excess of 20 minutes, both at different times of day. I've shut my car down in the drive through because k burn so much gas waiting on a simple order of maybe I or 3 items. What are they even doing in there? Why does it take this long to make me a Doritos locos taco? The food is consistent with other taco bells, which is to say poor, but that's what you expect from Taco Bell. But when fast food is not fast but only low quality the purpose is defeated. Go across the stews and save some time at chipotle. If it's too late go to Wendy's", 1, 1], "wxhNDerCcicKX2CXXx2X_g": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "8/8/2016", "Very nice employee at drive through but service was slow as can be! We thought we would buzz right through for a cold drink but never thought with a single car in front of us that it would take 10 minutes.", 2, 1], "MBNCyZvlVaKirJnl6yEuGA": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "4/20/2016", "So I and a friend go to get tacos for the first time from this location. The associate at this Taco Bell was nasty, rude and obnoxious .Yes I understand people work hard for little pay, but if I had customers who didn't know what to get, rather than rudely brush them off with sarcasm, I would make \"recommendation\" on something they could try from the menu. Sorry Sir! but I will make sure I never come to this location or any Taco Bell. Now I'm 100% certain the rumor of associate not hand washing at this location has to be true.", 1, 2], "iyf_dNaqzo6gtIYDk09yxQ": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "2/28/2016", "Bleh. I realize this is a Taco Bell and not Chipotle/Moe's/Mighty Taco or anything roughly approximating real food. But... when food is reheated and then left out to get cold then reheated again, the result has a certain je ne sais quo that wouldn't even appeal to the dankest 4th meal fanboy.", 2, 2], "KzedaNa0c7zNdO8FCfBOxA": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "9/21/2015", "The people who give one star reviews dont realize taco bell is not the place to go for gourmet food lol. For s taco bell, late night Mexican food. Its great. The workers are nice & the fiod is good for what its worth lol", 5, 0], "Qq4OFAYvyO_0uJed6TvBUQ": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "1/29/2015", "I love this Taco Bell, especially since they redid the inside dining area. My orders are always correct and done in a timely fashion. There have been numerous times where I have brought several lists from coworkers, and have held up the line. They were still kind and helpful, regardless of the growing line and once I get through, they seem to rebound no problem. Very friendly staff and very clean for a Taco Bell. :)", 4, 0], "YyVhV95JEB6n8Mc8FmelZA": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "8/23/2013", "All taco bells are a dime a dozen but this one is pretty crappy first off don't buy the buffalo chicken burritos because they put way too much sour cream second the place is usually very unclean so don't on eating in on the bright side though they make awesome churros and its a good place for late night snacks", 2, 1], "VnOPjorX_lVb8sXwC2kIRw": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "5/17/2012", "I love Taco Bell; just not here in Ithaca. Horrible. After going there several times. They seem to always screw up my order.", 1, 0], "7jlW_IBKgie23LVeZf8QCQ": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "12/17/2011", "I went to Cornell for a Year. Everyone knows T-bell is the best after a night out, but this bell is the worst I have ever been too. God awful. Every time I went they either messed up my order, gave me broken tacos, left food out of my bag, or were out of some kind of addition (lettuce, Cheese, Chicken)... Just pure awful.", 1, 2], "g2mfcn8K2GJYDIkM3kCQ_g": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "1/11/2009", "Good for late night food on the go. I like the #7 w/ chicken.", 4, 4], "EODqLB6A7Qwv__olnVJL6w": ["Yelp", "Taco Bell", "10/24/2008", "Ithaca T-Bell is great. Go there at night and get a lot of nasty crap. They will make Cheesy Gordita Crunches on demand whether they are on the menu or have been off of it for six months. It doesn't matter, the CGC is always there in their hearts. This is one of the few Taco Bell locations that I've never heard of anyone getting sick from, so that's a plus. When you go at night, watch out for the guy with the high pitched voice. Sometimes I address him with \"yes, ma'am\" and \"thank you, ma'am\" not knowing who it is, then I get really embarrassed when I pull up and realize that it's a guy.", 4, 9]}
{"SPW3IvOvbHaGar7v00WpGw": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "2/15/2018", "My first time here - it took them 20 minutes to make a simple mocha, and it tastes sour?", 1, 0], "MxImd0ylcoWttlDG8RfInA": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "9/17/2017", "This is a whole new Zeus. The cafe has been liberated from its cramped former space (which had its charms, but still - cramped) and given a much more expansive dedicated eating area, *plus* the entire grandiose covered courtyard of the new Klarman Hall for its tables to spill out into, complete with much more impressive ancient Greek statuary than before. I haven't sampled the food to see if anything's changed, but the drink selection seems to have upgraded as well - there's now Copper House Coffee (ranked best in the country not long ago) alongside Gimme blends, which are no slouch in the quality department", 4, 1], "bkulLuaKkMRpC9PNx987wg": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "5/12/2017", "Great atmosphere. Love going here to study in the natural light. Highly recommend their tomato soup on Mondays and especially the turkey sandwiches. Ice coffee is very good. Staff is fun and flirty! I am going to miss eating here over the summer.", 5, 1], "5yu0o0uejyHUHl5VWNN1Ww": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "5/12/2017", "Awesome place! Turkey sandwich is very tasty- highly recommend. The staff is very friendly and it is always super clean! My friends and I love Zeus!", 5, 2], "E4NN8CaAU_YVhi8t5HnsQQ": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "2/6/2017", "I love this place, especially scone here is really tasty! It is almost the only food place that opens in the summer at Cornell. Food here is cheap and great. They didn't accept Cornell BRB.", 5, 1], "oo4XeE6KZiPJXZBCSOgTBQ": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "4/9/2016", "This place is located on the Cornell campus -- but it doesn't accept Cornell's campus currency, Big Red Bucks (BRBs). Coffees are undersized and overpriced, as are the sandwiches (they also charge $1.50 extra for a single slice of cheese).This place is a scam. It's a shame and a sham that Cornell has chosen to allow them a place on campus to exploit students.", 1, 1], "6q_-UkTOux_tm_6nMOaj6w": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "2/5/2016", "This neat cafe is located in the new Klarman Hall. Their espresso drinks are great and you have the option of having your drink in a ceramic mug (for here) or in a portable to-go cup (if you want it to-go). The downside is that it's a bit overpriced ($4.76 for a small 8 oz latte), they don't take BRBs, and seating is limited.", 4, 1], "e1zGYKFnRWwTu4x84aclpQ": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "11/1/2015", "Temple of Zues is the best place. Get there at 11:30 for some awesome, homemade soup! Great for vegetarians, too.", 5, 0], "SSzlY2qtEtA74qb2TFda1Q": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "3/27/2015", "Easily one of the best on-campus cafes. The soups are very good, but be warned they sell out. Limited seating in the cafe but a great grab and go type of spot. Also bear in mind, they don't take BRBs. They will, however, accept CornellCard.", 4, 0], "zY9cQkL5MtAo-o1Wz7I2xg": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "1/13/2015", "BY FAR my favorite spot to eat on campus. If you're confused by the menu, don't be shy, ask the staff what they recommend and work from there.ToZ also has THE BEST SOUP ON CAMPUS. MAYBE THE BEST SOUP EVER (** If you can get there on time - usually before 1:00pm). Though their lines can sometimes be long, I've never been more happy to wait for food. Their ingredients are fresh, local and often organic. Sandwiches, salads and wraps are made to-order, and the staff is friendly and sociable. Their pita's are unlike anything else you'll be able to purchase on campus, and because they are not associated with Cornell Dining, they have the advantage of keeping their prices low and being able to use the best ingredients out there.Definitely try some salad dressings on your pita if you're feeling adventurous. Personal recommendations: -BLTease (Tofu, Gouda, Mayo) with Miso Ginger (hold the mustard, though)- BLTease with Tomato Basil- Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato Basil & Balsamic vinaigrette - Turkey with fresh mozzarella and balsamic vinaigrette- BLTease with tobasco!- Egg Salad with Tomato Basil- Roast Beef with Honey MustardChoklay and Nyima are culinary wizards.", 5, 0], "pjLaRUEYbD9dGdNoRAkf0g": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "11/6/2014", "They always have great soup--that is unless you get here late and it's SOLD OUT! There are good sandwich options and of course they have vegetarian and VEGAN foods available including seitan or hummus for sandwiches, soups (I'm eating chickpea tomato now!) and various snacks! The staff each semester is very friendly as well. This is not Cornell dining, the prices are fair!Oh and if you're planning to get soup don't show up near closing and expect there will be any left and also, BYOB/M Bring your own bowl or super-sized mug (such as my Pyrex mug with lid) the staff appreciates that you're not using a paper bowl, so you'll get a smile and a Bonus of soup!", 5, 0], "j2LrrrqeU1AVVEVs7wI2pA": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "10/5/2014", "The best place for lunch on Cornell campus, especially for soup. Great fresh and healthy sandwiches too. Friendly employees. $ off for bringing your own container for soup.", 5, 1], "3bEGtqs298yM3ulobwPEhQ": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "3/5/2014", "Not a lot of people know about this place for some reason!- They have homemade soups, usually two kinds everyday and runs out fast. Their bean soups are great and don't forget to get a pice of bread from your right. - Their sandwiches are good, but especially on pita and topped with bean sprouts. - The lines are way too long from 12:00pm to 12:45 pm, not worth the wait.Best part: When Ithaca gets warmer, grab a coffee and a croissant and sit outside in their patio chairs overlooking the Arts Quad and the beautiful campus that this is.", 4, 1], "ZnmTki0cjl7z3xmG2Z3vdA": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "2/17/2014", "On a cold winter day in Ithaca, there is no cheaper or better soup than that of Temple of Zeus. This restaurant provide a healthy, affordable lunch to students.", 5, 2], "qRlMzuAhmOmzqngpgOPGCQ": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "5/3/2011", "I honestly don't know why people love the soup here. I'm a BIG fan of soups, so I was excited to try the famed Temple of Zeus soups, but I was sorely disappointed. Both soups I tried were nearly inedible. I believe one was groundnut and the other one was a tomato one. They didn't taste good, and they had a weird grainy texture. The soups at Big Red Barn are much better. I do like the sandwiches here. You can build your own with meats like turkey and roast beef, veggies (cucumber, tomato, sprouts, onions), and cheese. They build them fresh and really pile on the ingredients. They also have pastries, bagels, and to-go foods. It's 10 cents for a cup of water, free if you bring your own cup. They have a microwave and a toaster, too!", 3, 2], "9W7dpwB4AnUwamcwacMC2g": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "2/4/2011", "Soup!!! I can't think of any place that made me look forward to lunch more. As Chris B said, the recipes are on-line, but being able to get this type of belly-filling, taste-bud dancing goodness day in and day out makes all the difference. Don't miss it....and do get there early! Mulligatawny, tomato, or the groundnut...you can't go wrong!", 5, 0], "sjOHLHJdKg3fG-BBrctU3w": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "1/8/2011", "Do not miss Temple of Zeus! A must-eat lunch spot for anyone who finds his or her self on the hill. It's all about the soup.Most of their soup recipes (which are all vegetarian, by the way) are available online: arts.cornell.edu/zeus/mo\u2026Get there early! I'd often miss the soup by about 2 or 3 bowls if I dawdled after my 11:15 ended.", 5, 3], "5r8gcRJLRxMIT7My2kZjUw": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "8/22/2010", "Every student who ever has a class on or near the Arts Quad has to check this place out at least once. The homemade soups are made fresh every morning with local ingredients (can't get any more Ithacan than that) with the experience of Choklay, who's trained at the world-famous (also local) Moosewood Restaurant. There are 2 soups offered daily (favorites: groundnut, tomato garlic, crema de elote, mulligitawny, ratatouille) , along with a selection of salads, sandwiches (you can get meat), and pitas (I was a big fan of the vegetarian pita, A. because it was cheap, at something like $1.50, which might seem expensive for just half a pita with greens/tomato, but B. it was totally stuffed with said veggies and it made me feel good. They also have things brought from an Asian eatery somewhere in town, which include v. delicious peanut/sesame noodles.Sure, you can sell out to the man (a.k.a. CU Dining) and go for a prepackaged salad/sandwich at the Green Dragon, Big Red Barn, or leg it a bit further to the Ivy Room, but when you can spend half as much for better food...why don't you?", 5, 10], "ofHnLS4-Cr_54Jz2fXGwWA": ["Yelp", "Temple of Zeus", "6/12/2008", "This is my favorite lunch place on the blue speck. I love great soup, and I sample soups wherever I go. Drum roll, please...or, you can do that finger thing instead... ... ... I sometimes don't have my drum on me, either... ...  ...   ...     ...okay: This is the tastiest soup there has ever been, or ever will be, until the end of time. No joke.Zeus is a small cafe that's sort of in-between the first floor and the basement of Goldwin Smith Hall on the Cornell campus. Their focus is on fresh and healthy lunch-time options, with a special focus on vegetarian and vegan options (all of their soups are vegetarian, one of the two daily soups is vegan). Soups are fragrant, uplifting, colorful, savory, euphoric, and impossible to ever forget. Try Groundnut or East African Stew, and be transported to a far-away land where ginger, peppers, peanuts, and spice toy with basmati and the luckiest yams in the world. Try Thai Carrot with its silky orange puree and coconut-lime-chili medley. Or, sip cilantro-strewn gazpacho to tame a 90-degree summer's day. All soups are made fresh that morning by a couple of the most under-appreciated culinary geniuses (C and N) the heavens ever gave us. If you can get past the soups (which you can't), go for a B.L. Tease (cooked tofu mixed with smoked gouda and a bit of mayo; bacony for the vege kids!) or the seitan-and-hummus, with it's garlicy garbanzos. Heaven should taste like Temple of Zeus soups. If it doesn't, it should shape up now so it's ready by the time I get there.", 5, 2]}
{"14O6vyEliUoUm1YOvDyMfA": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/30/2018", "It ranks as the worst pizza place in Ithaca. The wrap was crap. The calzone was all bread and the pasta was all pasta. Catch the drift. Not recommended at all.", 1, 0], "ljsrr-yz5ut1TY_RH1RJ2w": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/15/2018", "The food is good, the only place to get real gyros/d\u00f6ners in Collegetown. Maybe even Ithaca. I don't know why they changed the name to Enzo's Pizzeria. The one thing I do not like is that the employees are not very customer friendly. There's a fat guy that just sits in the sitting area the entire time on his laptop. I think he's the owner.", 3, 1], "4xM2yiKBXny4_3uoho4LCw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/30/2018", "First of all, this place is now calling itself Enzos's Pizzeria to escape their bad reputation. The owner said viciously misogynist remarks to a friend of mine after messing up her order months ago and I vowed never to order from them. That was until the aforementioned name change and they were listed as a new business on Grubhub.I got a chicken shawarma but the website only allowed one topping so I got lettuce and that was it per their own limitations on the Grubhub site. I also asked for hot and tahini sauce, which was separate from the veggie topping, and an order of fries and soda. Over an hour after confirming my order, the food arrives. I open the smallest container and the fries are overcooked and some are even burnt. I unwrap the dripping aluminum foil and find my order topped with cucumber, tomato, and onion in addition to the lettuce, chicken, and sauces. The wrapping (it was not the pita bread I requested) was burnt along the edges to the point of falling off yet the bottom was literally leaking through. After picking off the toppings I didn't want, I attempted to eat it and it fell apart in a dripping mess. I called the restaurant who had took so long dispatching the order they were now closed. Still waiting to hear back from grubhub but do not order for a place that has no respect for paying customers.", 1, 0], "NH8ked2nXF1CNC8UHPsHdg": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "2/16/2018", "I have literally never had a good visit to this place. They get my order wrong every time and the people who work there always act like I'm burdening them by ordering :( The food is pretty good though.", 2, 3], "00iY5QvUtrCgDYQu0T0pNg": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/29/2017", "if u like to be charged $4 extra for requesting a mixed platter of lamb and chicken, if u like to receive attitude for asking for extra sauce, if u like being ripped off in quantity from time to time depending on the workers at the time, THIS place is the place for u!", 1, 3], "N8pKY6awwu9NsIlEUxfmeg": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/2/2017", "It is really delicious big meal! He cooks his food the moment you order so it comes really fresh! I recommend chicken plate!", 5, 0], "sM7vwCzLhYx-MCwrMjFXCw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/13/2017", "Excellent fish wings meal. The rice in Lamb over rice is exceptional too. Must try !! I'm the Duke of this place ;)", 5, 0], "eLDzoq0hc25FElQeYUOfOw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/7/2017", "They have good shawarma and lamb over rice. Those are things I have tried here. Its a halal shop. So the chicken quality and taste is good.", 4, 3], "yQRBSgEnxyugSMflFEr8sQ": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/1/2017", "Before I get into it, the food is perfectly fine. Little has changed on that front, and portions are still massive. The taste is also perfectly fine. 100% happy there. The bulk of my rating this time has more to do with whoever took my husband's payment this evening, and it's the reason we will not be back. If you're willing to get yelled at for using an online ordering system as designed, feel free to proceed. Food's fine.This establishment lists itself on GrubHub, which I prefer, because A) I get to see the whole menu, and B) I personally don't have to call anyone and risk something getting lost in translation, as has happened with other establishments in the past. My husband is the one who pays, primarily because it's the easiest way for him to pay without having to sign up for Grubhub himself - I already had the account, so why not? Our only shared account is an AmEx, which isn't accepted everywhere, so we usually don't use it when he's picking up food for us, and because he's the one making the physical pickup and most of these places require his ID, which would need to match the name on the credit card. He also prefers cash, because we're not tacking on debt we might forget about until we've already been charged interest for it. I'm happy to keep his inbox slightly cleaner by using my own with a Grubhub account to make orders. This is the third time we've visited this shop, as we haven't made it a habit; parking in that area is a bit of pain for my husband, so we avoid it unless students are on break.When my husband came up tonight to pay for our order - placed on Grubhub - the person taking his money decided to yell at him for our decision to order through Grubhub. I was not there, but I wish to address the owner directly now: You choose to list your establishment on Grubhub. You are aware of their policies of taking a cut. You are aware that Grubhub makes the option available to pay in cash. You do not get to decide how someone does or does not use Grubhub, whether it helps them (supposedly costs less to pay with credit or to call the store directly?) or not. By taking credit cards, you *also* lose a specific cut of the money to the credit card providers or whatever service you might use to take credit; you wouldn't yell at those people, so why yell at my husband for paying cash? You are the one who also lists *two coupons* with Grubhub, knowing full well that maybe a couple of people might be paying with cash, too, especially in a college town with students that are much more prone to use technology as intended; are you going to get upset with them if they pay cash and perhaps take advantage of that free soda with $25 purchase? In short: You do not get to use that service, then get upset with someone for using that service, without running the risk of losing business because you are upset that the service *you willingly continue to use* takes a cut of the money. You are not new to Grubhub. You know how it works. You know its methods of payment that it offers. That is not our problem; that is yours. If you are no longer satisfied with Grubhub, take it up with them, or remove yourself from those listings. Just be aware that any other online ordering system is going to have those same limitations. If it hurts your bottom line, protect your business, not the thing that is supposedly hurting it, and don't yell at someone that uses it exactly as designed! None of this was new to you! I would know, because all three times, we used Grubhub, and you've continued to use it, despite people using it and probably paying cash occasionally.My husband went in there for food, not a lecture because someone was upset with the way *Grubhub* does business. My husband had enough integrity to pay even after being yelled at, because he's not a jerk. That's more than I can say about the guy doing the yelling.I had to apologize to my husband because someone was upset that we used Grubhub in a perfectly predictable fashion. My husband doesn't like Oasis as much as I did, and he only agreed to it for me tonight. Oasis, your food was good, but there are other establishments in town who will be perfectly happy to accept our money, no matter what service we do or do not use to order. Good luck with your business; with that attitude, you'll need it, especially if, as others say, you're inconsistent with your hours. Adios, Oasis, because tonight's the last time you get our money; hello, other perfectly acceptable establishments with similar food and a better parking situation. We all win, right?We won't be back.", 2, 6], "14ZEpLipJNeWe-mjqCYfSA": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/9/2017", "The owner is inconsistent with his hours. I called him a few days ago and he said he would be open Monday regular hours. I tried calling him today and he's closed. The foods not bad, but don't bother getting attached to this place.The food is okay at the most, but the owner doesn't know how to run his business. This is place is by far the worst customer service you can possibly think of. Long story short every time I have called the owner he repeatedly told me he will be open two days from the call. I called him two days later, same story again. Either run the business, or let your customers know you will be closed for a long time. Run a business and stop lying to your customers. Oasis has been in Ithaca for almost a year now and you never know if they are open or not, it is a poorly ran business. If you are looking for good customer service, go to Istaanbul in ithaca for middle eastern food.", 1, 0], "sViji23YOWgM93Lew2nCTw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/18/2016", "We tried ordering in the early evening and 90 mins later our food had still not arrived. When we called to follow-up, they clearly lost our order but promised to call back when they found it. They never called back and then stopped answering their phones. Very disappointing!", 1, 0], "iIHaia6K9Fjunr6DDmzfDQ": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/18/2016", "Ordered food for a group via grubhub. The estimated delivery passed and when we called they acted like they didn't know about the order. We tried calling a few minutes later to see if they had figured out what had happened and they stopped answering their phone. Had to cancel the order through grub hub.", 1, 0], "01ZgBWhgue94dyv_tulhGA": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/8/2016", "Love their lamb gyro. The serving portions are quite generous as well. The rice are a little hard, hence the four stars.", 4, 0], "MoWjXjh338Ay-qgpVmOyCA": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/30/2016", "I got the lamb gyro over rice platter. They give a lot of food, and the meat+sauces over rice made it very good. Everyone who worked there was very friendly, I would probably come again.", 4, 0], "_uUUjcI-AvS_MJQx9G7zsQ": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/27/2016", "Really good. I ordered chicken shwarma with cumbers and onions, along with a side or grape leaves. Everything was fresh and delicious.", 5, 0], "9Ks9D4WPm9geKOFeLZIavA": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/16/2016", "I experienced bad customer service by one of the staff. Disorganized and took me more than 45 mins to wait. He just made me wait. He did not even tell me how long I have to wait nor if I was willing to wait that long. He just told me, \"sit down i will cook it.\" I was very confused. Not a very pleasant experience.", 2, 0], "_-HeMIPcIr7yNWsoE5xxOw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/2/2016", "Great pita wraps and salad options! Not only is the food delicious and healthy, but the owner is also super nice and provides great service.", 5, 1], "o53ZZBuptwCLRfEOtB-4Yg": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/15/2016", "I love Oasis. I have been a few times and have enjoyed my meal. The two guys that work there are very kind and attentive. Serving portions are generous. My go to is the chicken shawarma over rice. They also make great, simple salads. Support this counter service restaurant!", 5, 2], "reL-hzQnttqCwVArSPZvOw": ["Yelp", "Enzo\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/12/2016", "I ordered a Chicken Shawarma to go and was rushing to catch a bus. Though I rushed him, the sandwich tasted great and the meat was rich. Definitely going to be my go-to place", 5, 1]}
{"IoE24zyTtJ4GGKJZmMH67w": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "7/4/2018", "Taste: 5Service: 5Value: 3Presentation: 5Overall: 4.6 rounded up to 5 Hi and welcome to another episode of javing it with Javier. Let's see what we are javing today. After a hot day we decided to stop by this restaurant for some milkshakes. I ordered the chocolate fudge brownie milkshake, while my girlfriend tried the cheese filled tater tots. I wasn't sure why this location had such bad reviews but let's find out if that's true!The chocolate milkshake was pretty big! Nicely mixed chocolate sauce with the chocolate milkshake, with delicious chunks of brownie bits sprinkled on top, layered by a huge amount of whipped cream, with chocolate sprinkled around it and topped off with a cherry. This milkshake was utterly addicting! The tater tots were also good. Nice and crispy with the cheese nicely melted in the center.The staff was extremely funny and friendly by making jokes to further improve our experience. He also gave us a tablet loaded with a bunch of games to play on while we waited for our food. We played trivia, but it's too bad that I'm horrible with trivia and forgot everything that I learnt while playing it.All in all, I had a great time here and would definitely drop by again to try another milkshake. And that's it for today's episode of javing it with Javier. And remember food is life!", 5, 0], "zFvRPj_Uxr5bpiuoSFZJgA": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "7/1/2018", "We just had an excellent breakfast and received pleasant good service as well. The brioche French toast was tasty and delicious. And the egg, bacon and cheese on grilled sour dough bread was equally delicious. I wouldn't hesitate to return for breakfast in the future.", 5, 0], "qbkw_nAavRxZlza3JomPCQ": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "5/7/2018", "Showed up last Sunday morning for breakfast. We were the only ones waiting to be seated. I did a quick count and just over 1/2 of the tables had customers at them. We stood up front for about five minutes before we got noticed. A waitress approached us and asked \"How Many\" and we responded \"Two\". She then left us standing there, and went to a nearby table to ask a customer how everything was and leave a receipt. That was kinda weird. She then came back toward us, grabbed two menus, and never saying a word, turned away from us and walked toward the back of the restaurant. We eventually followed her by just guessing that we were supposed to. She gave us menus and left without saying a word. No \"Coffee?\" or \"Water?\" inquiry which would be common in almost all such establishments. The table at our booth was clean, but the seats were both covered in crumbs and food particles. We wiped the benches down before sitting. (The waitress handed us our menus and left before we even had time to sit down.)Seven minutes later, we still had no attention from the wait staff. The most irritating thing is that three wait staff worked at cleaning tables all around us while we waited to order. They removed dishes, wiped the table tops, etc.. Two of the tables were within arm's reach of us!Who manages this mess?1. Greet customers waiting up front quickly, even if you cannot seat them for a bit. Acknowledge you see them and that you will take care of them as soon as you get the chance.2. How about a simple and polite \"follow me\" as you lead your patrons to their table?3. How about getting us some beverages at time of seating? Customers don't mind waiting nearly as much if they have some \"busy work\" in front of them.4. Priorities! Customers just seated should take a priority over dirty tables that do not have any customers at them AND no customers in the queue.5. Look around! Situational awareness is important in life--as it is in this business. We noticed that the waiter and waitresses seemed narrowly focused. You need to look around to find opportunities to give great service. Great tips often follow great service!We went across the street to the hotel and had their breakfast buffet for ten bucks each, and it was good. Not great...but lots better than what we got at Friendly's.", 1, 0], "bk0UgNFC8cDXDMAA_nTigA": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "12/22/2017", "don't usually go to friendly but i definitely will again after Tucker gave me the best service of my life. He was kind, nice, efficient, charming, and super sweet. Best customer service ever!!!! I got the pizza bites!Update* I went again and Britney was a fucking bitch I hate her she is rude obnoxious and mean", 5, 0], "OH5jj8d6GEBTRGAqJEbuOQ": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "6/10/2017", "Cheyenne was a great server! Thanks for the quick and friendly service! The ice cream was great also.", 4, 0], "JMnzFI3ggYIhEK3aRw32Gg": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "5/13/2017", "We brought our five kids here for lunch and dessert and the Friendly's staff bent over backwards to make it an enjoyable experience for all the kids- which made it enjoyable for us. I had the tomato soup and the peanut butter shake and it was all delicious and exceeded my expectations.", 5, 0], "WYHmtvZI_WEuLimQZ_Fgxw": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "2/4/2017", "There customer service was terrible. Please avoid this place. They didn't greet us when we walked in, and it took them five minutes to notice that we arrived. Also, they had time to go around and ask their seated guests if they were enjoying their meals, but they didn't have time to seat us.", 1, 0], "n6VOsNGbp2NuWEhno5ajoQ": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "7/14/2016", "My wife and I went to this Friendly's because we haven't been to one in a long time. We got seated and ignored, so we left. This was the Friendly's closest to the Triphammer Mall. I will never step into one again. The place didn't look clean to me and the staff all looked like teenagers. Nobody even said \"goodbye\" when we left.", 1, 0], "VPn8b87OywYTH_g85FZ3wA": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "9/2/2015", "Good food. Good service. Excellent ice cream! Only complaint is that this location is in need of some TLC. A minor renovation is in order, especially the carpet. You can smell it if your seated in the area with carpet it is really off putting. At the very eat rip up the carpet and give the interior a fresh coat of paint.", 3, 0], "RzDVdXj6ZAa34zvk44cdLw": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "6/21/2015", "Visited for breakfast while our daughter did her college tour and placement exam the local college (we're from nyc). Took the hostess a minute to greet us and seat us. The restaurant smelled like bleach rags. I know because I worked in a restaurant before! We had a booth which was sticky and had crumbs on the floor but, this was the closest place for breakfast and we were starving. Our waitress was very sweet and prompt. She was really busy and seemed to be the only server at that hour (11am). I had eggs and fruit. Tasted fine. And lots of coffee. The other half had the triple slam (I think that's the name?) and seemed satisfied. Nothing remarkable at all about the meal or service. Won't go again when we visit there later this summer.", 2, 0], "FyE_Knu0OaPfb58FUzk83Q": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "4/25/2015", "Disclosure: This is from awhile back. Also, I've never given a 1-star rating or walked out of a restaurant. My family arrived 2 hours prior to closing and there were 4 tables with customers. There were at least 4 women working out front and 1 working in back. We walked in and made eye contact with them. Not a single 'hi' 'hello' or smile. We stood there awkwardly and decided to seat ourselves after a while. No one acknowledged us for 5 minutes so we got the menus ourselves. Another 5-10 minutes went by without acknowledgement. As I was getting ready to ask them to take our order, another customer went up to the counter expressing her frustration with their horrible service. Apparently she just wanted to get ice cream for her toddler and pay her bill, but they kept putting her off. At that point we decided to leave for another restaurant. Again no acknowledgment. Worst customer service I've ever experience. If I had behaved that way at my last job (at a restaurant), I would have been fired. This was a pathetic excuse for a dining establishment.", 1, 1], "y7Y27TCE4lc07lizC8SCcA": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "12/23/2014", "This establishment perhaps deserves 2 stars, for the simple fact that my experience there has since been a great \"horrible customer service\" story to tell at parties.We went there to celebrate something - I think it was the end of the semester in high school - and just wanted some ice cream cones. They have a window where you stand outside if you want something simple like ice cream. Fast, right?Nope. There was a line maybe 3 or 4 deep, and after 20 minutes, they hadn't gotten to us. Truly incredible. There were a few spells where no one was at the window (where the ice cream was) at all.We decided we were going to be better off going inside and sitting down for a sundae. Awful decision. We ordered our ice cream, and waited another 25 minutes for them to come.Long story short, 45 minutes+ to get an ice cream code. Laughable experience.And it wasn't that good.", 1, 0], "7cZHTitFZBkyT4MwgFTetw": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "9/10/2014", "Friendly's on Triphammer always surpasses our expectations -- on cool variety, total fun, and genuine, caring service.My wife is a chef from Le Cordon Bleu in Paris, but with 3 girls under 10 years old sometime you just want fun. This places seals the deal.If you want candles and $30 entrees, the Heights Grill is 1 mile away and John Thomas is about 7. But that's not any of us come to Friendly's.This is fun, tasty, non-elitest surprises. My 2-3 dinners on the road each week are usually $50+, but no lunch is as fun and wonderful than eating at Friendly's with my daughters as they drink low-fat mile from a curly straw, eat miniature cheeseburger sliders, and eat a mini-monster sundae. I first learned about Friendly's when I was a single Professor at Dartmouth. My acid test as to whether someone was worth dating was whether they had fun if we went to Friendly's.", 5, 1], "z4udu7kqJdu5RK-NSN6NTw": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "8/6/2014", "While service isn't the best, the waiters & waitresses are friendly and try hard. I believe they need to hire at least one more wait staff which makes it management's severe problem, not the wait staff's! However I do have to say on the positive side the ice cream menu is to die for!! Their ice cream is delicious!!", 3, 0], "PXuXlXbEeEKfur9BAA5_8g": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "11/9/2013", "Usually rate Friendlies as an upscale diner but was pleasantly surprised by the Pastrami Swiss sandwich today. Looking forward to trying other meat sandwiches like Reuben. Service is slack but the waitresses are nice, just not the most efficient so patience is a virtue.", 2, 0], "PglIQGYjvWNbkad_T5O0dQ": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "8/22/2013", "Slow service, bad build-your-own hamburger. Even 3 pieces of pickles charge for $0.39. Only three pieces! Taste no better than Mcdonalds.", 1, 0], "V7-NeAH93k_a0s47alZFTQ": ["Yelp", " Friendly\u2019s", "11/5/2011", "Horrible, waited 10 min and no one ever came to table for drink or food order. There were three staff who were all too preoccupied to check on any of the customers. To hell with this place.", 1, 6]}
{"hEaEObcw87bDAVUxcyCa8w": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "2/27/2019", "Well.........I'm from the Cleveland Ohio area and Inget to Ithaca a few times a year for work. This WAS one of my favorite Chinese buffets in the area.It's not a buffet anymore! You literally have to cook your own food now. You can order from the menu, they bring it out and you put it into this pot. Thebpot goes right on the table and it heats up, you throw the food in and let it cook.I'm eating as I write this. It's not bad! That is, if you don't mind cooking your own food.", 4, 0], "Hnm43Pb43saiZezQusiCew": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "12/12/2018", "This is our favorite Chinese buffet in CNY, they're always super friendly waiters\\watresses here, the prices & food are great IMO. We'll be going here for a long time to come, thank you:)", 5, 0], "Ij5sQ0LP3y46lbutdWjHkQ": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "9/29/2018", "You sacrifice quality for a low priced buffet. So it's up to what you are looking for at the time.", 2, 0], "a-DJAKTWwKYHrZc8fPVVNw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "6/1/2017", "Great value! A good variety of food options at an incredibly low price. They have the usual foods you'd expect to see at a Chinese buffet like General Tso's chicken, but they also have some more authentic dishes like the five-spice beef. For less than $10, I feasted on duck, fried squid, shrimp, and beef. I left with a full stomach and still mostly full wallet.", 5, 1], "i3kcyOUKRM8xQmPD3FBBtQ": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "8/9/2016", "I have been to this buffet many times since it opened 25 years ago (see my previous review of 10/27/15), and most of the time it is pretty good. The last few times I've been there for dinner, it's been iffy. I was there on July 20, 2016, and it was a severe disappointment.  It was a Wednesday night and very hot and humid outside. There were very few people there, and it was prime time for dinner, a little past 6:00 PM when we arrived. Of the many dishes they had, few had been refreshed or replenished in hours. Many were lukewarm at best. It was like they saved it from lunch. I was hungry when I left because there were so few things to really eat. We stayed for over an hour, until past 7:00, and it only got better marginally. When they did upgrade a dish or two, it was a small quantity. The dumplings, which were cold and hard, had about seven new ones added to it. They never added more to the Mei Fun. The Tofu dish looked old crusty and unappetizing. I heard people behind me complaining about the food as well. Now, I realize that sparse attendance on that night might have been responsible (they didn't want to make a lot of new food and have it go to waste, I suppose), but the owners should have been ashamed of themselves. It wasn't like it was 3:00 in the afternoon or 9:00 at night...this was prime time for a dinner buffet. To top it off, I witnessed something very disgusting, which I should have reported to the Health Department, but didn't. I had to use the Mens Room shortly before I left the restaurant. While there, one of the kitchen staff, a man in his 50s or 60s, with a kitchen cap on his head, was using the urinal. When he finished, he turned the cold water on in the sink, while walking quickly past the sink, let a few drops of water hit a couple of fingers on one hand, and took off back to the kitchen. There was no soap used, and the amount of time he \"washed\" his one hand was less than five seconds. He didn't even dry his hands. That was it for me. I told my wife, who was eating with me, I won't be returning for a very long time. It's really a shame, this was once a great place to go. You could count on the food being good (admittedly, the food seems to be better at lunchtime, when there are a lot of people eating on their lunch break from work) at dinner. There is a new buffet in town that opened last year, Spring Buffet, down the road closer to Downtown Ithaca. Frankly, I don't find the food at the new buffet to be better than the older buffet(when it's been good there), but it is always plentiful and the place is clean. Spring Buffet has been very successful and I'm sure they have taken away business from this old buffet. This old Chinese Buffet (known as Main Moon) has lowered their prices to compete, but unfortunately they have lowered their standards as well. I won't be going back there soon, if at all.", 1, 0], "Lj_wKfqbKvdIz0RaMdh0Fw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "6/6/2016", "great healthy ops, i get loads of watermelon, salad, and the mini steamed clams are the best.,super lo cal desserts like jello. only con: sushi comes dressed in sauces which i dont like, not enough seaweed salad but other than that, its yum", 4, 0], "34gViPj8T1FlVKLhwRK1Mw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "2/28/2015", "i'm not a snob when it comes to chinese food. and seeing as how i'm american, i don't mind the americanized version of chinese food. breaded and fried chicken in a sweet/spicy sauce? hell yeah! this place has a lot of that to offer. well actually, that's about 80% of what they have to offer. this place is kind of funny like that, tons of chicken dishes, a couple beef dishes, and not much pork. i think there was some sushi there but i don't pay attention to that. i liked the coconut chicken, the honey chicken, and then there was another one i liked but i can't remember what it was. the emporers chicken, general tsos, and sesame chicken were all pretty medicore, i didn't even get those the 2nd time i went. the sweet and sour chicken was average. they have a BBQ chicken as well but i don't know why they call it that because it's not smoked and there's no bbq sauce on it. i liked the chicken dumplings too, and the meatballs in garlic sauce were ok, as were the pork eggrolls. the wings were different both times i went, the first time they were big and breaded and the 2nd time they were small and breaded. also this is the first time i went to a chinese buffet and didn't see any pizza, which is fine by me because chinese buffet pizza usually sucks. the desserts are kinda funny, they have cheese puffs and cool ranch doritos out, but they also have the standard cakes, cookies, jello, and pudding. they also have hard ice cream and soft serve. i went with the soft serve in a cone and i thought it was pretty good. both times i went the service was pretty good, they were polite and quick to refill my water and take away empty plates. i didn't notice anything unsanitary like some of the other reviewers, and so for just over $10 for a dinner buffet, this place is worth going to if you're looking to stuff your face", 3, 6], "cXrqDbB_cT3tinQe9byjMQ": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "1/1/2015", "An Americanized version of Chinese cuisine, it's comfort food. In that respect it does the trick. Good for families with children and those who don't have exotic tastes. I was disappointed by the little things: wasabi from a squirt bottle, have to request chopsticks and lack of spicy food options.", 2, 0], "JXwFl4N7_ezsFhmsFe6Nbg": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "8/23/2014", "Bugs in my soup and the manager verified it and agreed. She removed the pot of soup and we still had to pay after just eating a bowl of buggy soup. I will never come back. Before this incident I was a loyal customer as I had many memories with my family eating here. Never again!", 1, 2], "7jlGbWZszlqKMgmoECSGDg": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "7/17/2014", "After hiking Watkins Glen on vacation we were hungry- buffet hungry. So we searched high and low for a buffet while we drove back and this seemed like the only option.Well, maybe we should have been more patient and eaten at any other restaurant that serves Asian food. It was like the other reviews say: ordinary at best. The service was freindly. The place was about as clean as most strip mall buffets. They had sushi, American and Chinese food. It was all just run of the mill saucy, salty buffet food. The honey chicken and the seafood delight were the best. Some parts were mismatched. For instance they had lettuce, cucumber and five bottles of ranch dressing but no other salad toppings. It was ok but the saving grace was that it was only $20 for both of us to eat.We agreed that buffets are just too hit or miss on vacation. This one just was a miss.", 2, 2], "AhsD4LnuC_mFm6NgXx6HeA": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "5/10/2014", "Despite being a Chinese buffet, only about half the food is actually Chinese. The counter has lots of American stuff (potato wedges, mac and cheese, etc.), sushi, and the typical unauthentic Chinese stuff which is catered to Americans. My friend said he once saw pepperoni pizza served in one of the trays?Food is mediocre at best, but the buffet is ridiculously cheap. I gave them a generous tip (the service was pretty good to our group) and it was still just $8.50.", 2, 3], "Zk2fLKOT3Fxn_b772Tsw5Q": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "4/7/2014", "It was probably one of the worst buffets I've ever been to. The food was cold and lacked flavor .The service was terrible they did not even bring drinks or straws for 15 minutes. All in all not worth the trip!", 1, 2], "mnt-5JF1PC5-ZEyHrj7edA": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "3/9/2014", "I dont think i can even give this place one star i walk in and the cookies are stale. The chicken wings are greasy the price is crazy. And to top it off there was a cockroach climbing around on the wall in there. Lost quite a few customers. What a nasty place!!!", 1, 1], "XyPx4YSNMp9wlev0JfE7Ow": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "10/8/2013", "This place is great for the price. This review is only for their lunch menu:If you like chicken, this place is pretty good in that most of its meat dishes are chicken- coconut chicken, sesame chicken, emperor chicken, bbq chicken, honey chicken, sweet and sour chicken, braised chicken...Otherwise, the other meat is mainly pork. Not that much variety of meat.For me, being a chicken fan, it was great. However, my friend did not like it.The sushi here however is pretty low end. If you want sushi, this is probably not the place you should come; even though it is a buffet, believe me, it isn't worth it. As for american fare, they have like a pie of small pizza (looked like the one you get frozen), potato wedges, and mash potatoes (that's all i remember). If it's for american food, this place probably isn't a good choice.Soup.. they had wonton soup, hot and spicy soup, and egg drop. I only get the egg drop and add green onions in it. Its sweet and tastes like sweet chicken soup.If you want dessert... this is one of the worst place to get some. Either canned fruits, fresh fruits about to go bad, jello, or dry cake. Maybe the soft serve ice cream is good, but I can't judge, because I did not try it.There's also fried rice, lo mein, and rice noodles. I only get the rice noodles when I come. It's pretty good.As for vegetable selections, aside from spring rolls, there's some stir fried broccoli and zucchini with pork, stir fried broccoli with zucchini, mushrooms, fried tofu, and baby corn (vegetarian option, i suppose), and some crunchy sauteed string beans.I came here twice (two Saturdays) and the food options are pretty much the same, Compared to the first time, the second time had a few more sushi roll options and a chicken option. In addition, their takeout menu (which also advertises it's buffet) it says that they \"use 100% vegetable oil\" so that we don't have to \"worry about counting calories when eating chinese food\". They definitely have no clue what they are talking about. Their stuff are pretty oily.. and if you are looking to eat healthy, this is probably not the place.The thing I don't like most about this place is the service. Aside from seating you and asking you want you want to drink, there is basically no service. Well.. I guess that is expected of a buffet place... They do come pick up your plates once in a while. First time I went, they took my fork! (so I could not eat anymore.. but I was about done, so i didn't complain). In addition, what i DO NOT LIKE is that they give you the receipt when you are still eating! Both times I went, they did this. I did not even stay there long.. Also, they also take about you to their co-workers not only behind your back but also in front of you. I am Chinese but i do not speak their language (mandarin) but I can understand it, so it was disturbing to listen to the things they had to say first about the person before me and after me! RUDE! So all in all, if you don't mind having bad service, cheap food which is not sushi, desserts or anything not Chinese, and a chicken fan, this is a great place to go. Otherwise, choose something else...", 3, 2], "6noYihUHEfuZFkr1egUt4A": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "8/20/2013", "Well, where to begin? I am from the West Coast, and love to travel & eat out, so I've had experienced my fair share of Chinese buffets. This one is probably one of the worst ones that I have ever been to. The food is very subpar. Very few varieties of meats - if one can even call it that. The sushi was gone when I went in, and they did not replenish it quickly. When they did come out, it was obviously made very fast, lacking in quality. Even the rice was gross - and how the heck do you mess up making rice in a rice cooker?! At one point, they ran out of bowls, so I could not even get some soup / ice cream. The only reason(s) I gave this restaurant two stars is because it is, practically, in the middle of nowhere in upstate NY, and their spicy mayo sauce was actually quite delicious. I put some in my rice in order to make it at least somewhat edible.", 2, 0], "Bj6d9vX3yuBMbuxrgSvOZw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "4/19/2012", "This was the first Chinese buffet in Ithaca. It has outlasted many competitors but not because of superior quality. Many of the choices are mediocre versions of American food (fries, pizza, macaroni, meatballs). The others tend to be gristly or tasteless or overcooked. These days I only eat here once or twice a year, and always leave with a feeling in my stomach like I really should have gone anywhere else instead.", 2, 0], "NN-gzG69RjW2O-JfSahhNw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "1/4/2012", "The food here is very average, but there's a lot of food, so you get a lot of bang for your buck. Their dessert section is a bit lackluster, they have a softserve machine, select Hershey's ice cream flavors, stale cookies, and cut fruit. Everything served here is Chinese-American food, not authentic Chinese. The servers here are really nice.", 3, 0], "7v6HoE5ZwoGp4D9Oz22few": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "4/12/2011", "It's been hit or miss a this place. I've had some really good food here, and some not so good. It's a buffet!!!!", 3, 0], "V0sTA6I3VRfv54D52-4ccQ": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "11/15/2010", "Why even bother five stars... Terrible service, sad looking food on the buffet trays... They could have done much better.", 1, 4], "ZJSPK_aCo3Yny4PPeXcefw": ["Yelp", "Chinese Buffet Restaurant", "2/29/2008", "The name of this restaurant is actually Main Moon, and it is hands down the best Chinese food experience in Ithaca.Alright, I may be exaggerating a bit, but the folks at Main Moon came to know me very well. The buffet is cheap - two can eat for $20 flat including hot tea, and it offers a variety of soups, appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I love their sweet and sour chicken - a staple in all Chinese restaurants, but their style stands out among the rest. The servers don't speak the best English, but they are all kind and welcoming, and very attentive. If anything is ever low on the buffet, just let your server know and they'll have it freshly filled in a matter of minutes.", 5, 6]}
{"pzIQ78qDLKbslCE4vwrRsg": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "1/23/2019", "I ordered traditional beef nachos, I've had the nachos many times and I'm very dissatisfied. I got all the way home before I realized they sent no sour cream, tomatoes, lettuce, or jalape\u00f1os like they usually do. How upsetting is this presentation Chili's?", 2, 0], "Nt-WQ4qOaxnepPwZPgclNQ": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "10/11/2018", "Worst service, the waiter was busy getting alcoholic drinks for the customers over my previously placed request to bring water for my son. Unbelievable, I asked again and he just ignored my request. The dessert option for the menu we ordered was not available for that day. Instead of providing an option the waiter tried to give us a cookie. The forks were not enough for us to eat the food. It was a horrible experience to dine with the family there. Wont be going back there again.", 1, 1], "vEEXwuxFOxPNX11Y1r8BCA": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "9/1/2018", "Good food and great service. Rylee was wonderful! Thanks for a great late dinner with friends.", 4, 1], "1bVR8o_p_1sTdj48Pkmmyg": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "7/6/2018", "Unbelievable. I ordered a steak medium. It came out well done. At least 4 different wait staff came to look at it. As if they had never seen a well done steak. They tried a second time and it was as bad as the first time. I was hungry, so I decided to eat it. I should have ordered something else. Like a salad. It's too bad that chilli's can't cook a steak. I blame the meat.or at least the person in charge of buying the meat. It was way too thin and no fat. I won't be back.", 1, 1], "g9fo8PAyqS4xQFimYovlLA": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "6/9/2018", "I used to like this place untill they gave my debit card info to hackers, now my card is useless right before going on vacation. Youve lost a customer for life", 2, 1], "x6iqH7ssgoEe_Tf3YJ7zbg": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "3/30/2018", "To start we are locals and frequent this location a lot. In the past we have had mixed feelings about the service, but food has almost always been good. With that said, todays visit inspired me to write this review. The food service and communication was somewhat of a bummer, but thanks to the manager on shift, Jess, we had a great experience. She made sure we were satisfied with our meals and continually checked up on our table to make sure everything was taken care of. If anything was wrong or missing she was quick to rectify the situation, which was really appreciated! Thank you Jess for being so kind and accommodating us!!", 4, 0], "i_DKKgMyIKAKMOLiVOL5kQ": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "4/9/2017", "Good food, prompt service, nice atmosphere. Tip: Don't leave food untouched for more than 10 seconds; it'll be cleared away before you can say \"I think I'll have a bit of the guacamole\".", 3, 0], "KxqcDkvUsC8H8lfP0K8T_w": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "3/9/2017", "Came here for dinner with a lot of people since we are on a college trip. It was a fun place. And the burgers were good except the time from ordering and waiting for our food and drinks were so long. So that's why I rated it 3 stars when it could have been 5 stars if they let us have our foods and drinks quicker. Also, the food and drinks were good as well. I had the classic bacon burger. It was good though so only if the food came out quicker and if they seated us quicker. And there was also one server with 5 tables. They should have more workers.", 3, 0], "mE0DHNzlwbehWXs7vlsCRA": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "8/15/2016", "Absolutely phenomenal service from the staff and waitress. John, the manager, engaged us with a genuine interest in our dining satisfaction. His attentiveness shows in the cleanliness of the store as well as employee moral. Best chilies I've been to.", 5, 0], "m-2B6TvEV6slXT3dAkhWTg": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "3/24/2016", "Drove up from Courtland, NY to celebrate our 5 year old sons birthday. Waited over 1 hour to be seated while there was no wait for a table for 11 (which was empty and ready). Management said they wanted to catch the servers up so they won't be overwhelmed before they sat us. Finally sat and waited another hour to get our main courses. Appetizer Guacamole was awful and was returned and switched to red sauce. Staff was friendly but it appeared they only had 1 chef. Never again. Love Chili's but not this one. Would definitely not recommend. By the way our food came out COLD......", 1, 0], "6y8mXYlouKS3aD-_7ERP5g": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "6/1/2015", "We had a great experience here when we were in town for graduation. The service was great. The food was very good - we all ordered different things and we all enjoyed what we got. The fresh guacamole made at the table was especially fantastic and the chips they serve it with beautifully thin and crispy. We are not in Ithaca often, but we would definitely eat here again.", 4, 0], "7yTBcuaBEmQKa6Mhqcqdyw": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "8/30/2014", "Love this place, the ribs and the chicken are so good. The food overall is awesome. I love the atmosphere, and it feels very comfy and homey.", 5, 0], "tEQV2mdSlm3iNTc-ecbeNQ": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "6/29/2014", "I had not eaten at Chili's in probably 10 years. My previous memory of the restaurant was that it left nothing to be desired. I stopped by this location while on a road trip. The food was delicious and our waiter was very nice and attentive. I will definitely dine at Chili's when I get back home.", 4, 0], "Hj7ZvTh_o3MRB-KokAkrPw": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "2/18/2014", "Great food! The staff is friendly yet not over the top! If you go, sit at the bar when Jose is working. Awesome bartender and great conversation!", 5, 1], "FBVKX8XQKtFMBGCDL4z_eA": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "9/30/2013", "Only two reviews? Shocking. Or very telling.In an act of desperation we went to Chili's over the weekend as the boy wanted a quesadilla. By the way, based on quesadillas alone, I'm sure the 9 year old would rate this dump a 5.For starters: Menus smeared with food. Disgusting. Our server, Lauren, couldn't have been less interested in serving us. Apparently she is allergic to eye contact. She seemed annoyed that we were ready to order when she brought our waters. We waited nearly 20 minutes for our appetizer, although she brought my husband's side salad. Isn't a side salad served WITH YOUR MEAL? AFTER the appetizer?? She never bothered to come over and tell us why it was taking so long. When the appetizer came, (potato skins) they were overflowing with too much melted cheese (I'm sure this would be a plus for someone but not me) and so hot we weren't able to eat them right away. Of course by then our meal came. Another thing to piss me off.Shrimp tacos were messy. They used to serve them in these cool little taco holders in order to keep them straight. These were slopped on a rectangular plate that was far too narrow and the tacos were soggy. Husband ordered the Bacon Avocado Chicken sandwich - can you believe he actually expected that there would BE avocado on this sandwich!? I mean - look at the picture I attached, how dare my husband expect to be served the same sandwich that they picture in the menu? You know, the one that actually is LOADED with avocado.As a side note, I totally eavesdropped on the table next to us. They got their food and the waiter was back at their table before they could even get the first forkful in asking if they wanted dessert or a takeout box. Seriously? Also, as we left he had dumped a tray of drinks on them with a flourish.I'm sick of this place. Only giving it one star as the only good thing I've ever had from Chili's is a two-for-one bloody mary.", 1, 4], "-AguBkBzWHZoxzHqnkKfgg": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "9/24/2013", "So as a burger fan I naturally am inclined to try burgers everywhere I go an Chili's was no exception. Now I've been to Chili's in the past and the fact that I can't remember how the food tastes is probably not a bad thing...nor is it a good thing and so I went to try it once again with full thoughts in mind to make sure I remember how this tastes. So I got the Southern Smokehouse burger because come on now, ancho-chipotle sauce, crispy onion straws and bacon? That's a recipe for a burger if I ever have heard one myself. Needless to say the burger did live up to it's menu description and it was a pretty darn tootin' good burger. The burger was properly seasoned and the toppings were great. The bun was perfect sized and overall it was good. But when I was finished it didn't hit me as the best burger ever. It was a good burger though, even a great burger. The thing that threw me though and the reason this is getting 4 stars and is now number 8 on my list is the Fries. The fries here were atrocious. Soggy and a few were room temperature. Maybe when they were fresh they were good but for the one time I went and from what this review is based off of I can tell you that the fries were way sub par. And fries can make or break your burger! Overall I'd probably go back to see if the fries get better but as of right now, great burger, bad fries. They should also make a Chili's signature sauce. TGI Fridays has the Jack Daniels Sauce, Red Robin has their signature burger sauce. For Chili's something like a Mexican Barbeque sauce would be great, something a little spicy, maybe a little sweet. Something that would keep me coming back for it as it would be something I couldn't get anywhere else. I think that's what makes a place so great is that they do or have something no one else has. Maybe it's the bun, the sauce, a topping or maybe even the burger itself or the way they cook it. I feel like any one could make what Chili's made but like I said I'm going to give it a second shot and see.Btw happy hour appetizers RULE! Keep that happenin'!", 3, 2], "us3Cf2a0eiuY0MQyykuZJQ": ["Yelp", " Chili\u2019s", "7/20/2013", "I like Chili's for a go to over fast food. Southwest chicken egg rolls, and pork ribs. Yum. Happy hours and 2 for $20 that my budget can handle.", 3, 0]}
{"wMWoJWPrzEd3FPm8yB1zqA": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "9/16/2018", "Sushi was fresh and tasty. We tried: two vegetable rolls, a spicy tuna roll, a spider roll, and an Alaskan roll. All good. Miso & tea was hot and satisfying. \"Japanese\" spring rolls were a bit disappointing -- fried & greasy. Ambiance was fine -- quiet; no music. Sushi chef was pleasant. Server was efficient though not particularly friendly. Quick. Would return if walking downtown & desirous of sushi.", 4, 0], "MTAyQ6XlT27DVzvwuaUnNw": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "2/21/2017", "Never had an issue with this restaurant other than a few late deliveries but after an order of sushi rolls and pork dumplings from here, I now have food poisoning... Wouldn't recommend it.", 1, 1], "ddhKN4QWgmwhoYF93aNr9w": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "1/2/2017", "If you're looking for sushi with a side of verbal abuse they've got you covered. I just tried to eat here again and the delivery guy told me to go fuck myself because my house number is not visible enough and that's apparently rude. I don't know why I tried it again after that one time I got spoiled avocado in my sushi from here.", 1, 2], "gkPgpvU69tZIeKICq67yjg": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "5/16/2016", "To preface: I'm reviewing my delivery/food experience, not the restaurant.The driver came within an hour after my order had been placed via GrubHub. He was very pleasant and kind, no problems with delivery. The Godzilla roll was delicious. I've noticed over the years, different variations of the the typical tempura/fried rolls. I loved the spicy fish inside. I don't recall what it was specifically but it was tasty. And the drizzle of sauce on top made it even better.The Salmon Lovers roll (called something like that) was mediocre at best. The salmon's texture wasn't usual and was way too chewy. I kept biting parts I felt should've been cut out.Final thoughts: great price, great delivery service, it won't be my go to sushi place, but I'll definitely try again in the future to try out different rolls.", 3, 0], "ggtiCliea91OXwFpjJ18PQ": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "3/22/2016", "Best sushi in Ithaca. Sure, it's not Nobu, but this is also not New York City. The fish is fresh, and the lunch specials in particular are extremely reasonably priced, even compared to other restaurants in Ithaca. I will miss this place once I graduate!", 5, 1], "2AN8gScjR5B4-DhzbZOc-g": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "2/22/2016", "\"All U Can Eat\" sushi sounds questionable at best, but this place always pleasantly surprises me with top-quality gourmet sushi and Japanese appetizers for one reasonable price. Yes, the cost of the lunch special has gone up over the years, but I would vastly rather that than reduced quality food. Come hungry!! Never tried the Chinese side.", 5, 2], "YbwXllIgHKW282sE-uOB3w": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "10/25/2015", "Overall a decent experience. We were the only ones in the restaurant and it was rather cold inside but they had a great variety for the all you can eat lunch special ($25). The service was not the best even though there was no one else to serve in the restaurant and our waitress was rather rude. DO NOT go there on a date, great place for a meal with close friends. Food was decent overall, worth the money.", 3, 1], "3TVVxmJlGdjFi1FUrJXDEw": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "9/5/2015", "Good food. AWFUL service, like really awful. This is my second time here, the first time we walked out because we weren't being welcomed or served by anyone for about 10 minutes, and the restaurant was not busy by any means. So after some thinking, we thought we'd give this place another shot, and again the service was a disgrace. There were literally no customers in the restaurant, and after we placed our order, the sushi chef didn't come out for about 15 minutes to start preparing our food. Customer service is not a priority to these people and this place is truly a disgrace. I would not touch this place with a 10 foot pole again. Not because of the food, which was good, but because of their awful, upsetting, horrible customer service. Do not come here. There are plenty more sushi places in Ithaca that are much better. I am truly sorry for anyone that has ever had an experience with this place.", 2, 5], "plyrVmiI0Nw1CtfXSHfaFA": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "6/6/2014", "I just received delivery and while it was average speed, I wonder if the fish would've been fresher if it were faster. I spit out portions of the boston roll. The salmon was very chewy and texture of the rice and fish were definitely off. The spicy tuna and salmon rolls were not at all spicy and I'm not sure how much fish was in the very small six pieces of each roll. The flavor tasted like there was really no fish in it at all, with an almost rancid lemon taste. Overall, poor. I hope I don't get sick.", 1, 1], "C6418fa20RFEINK6mxQr2A": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "5/13/2014", "I ordered delivery. The food was good but it was so late and cold. The tempura was soggy and cold. The teriyaki salmon was cold. I called when they were 20 minutes late and I heard the manager yelling at the delivery guy, then she told me it was on the way. :(", 3, 0], "KisYQss3L4ANFDf74Ov_Ww": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "1/24/2014", "The sushi was very fresh and well priced. The special rolls, while tasty, were definitely smaller pieces than the lunch special pieces. But $12 lunch special for 3 rolls and a soup is great! I would definitely recommend the new york roll and the sweetheart roll and not opt for the American roll again. Delivery did also take an hour, but I think that's fairly common around here.", 4, 0], "Fdh5v_rfqPAoECJwFKhjAQ": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "2/24/2013", "I had sushi buffet here for two times for lunch and one time for dinner. The quality of the sushi is better at lunch although the price is lower. My dinner experience at this place was awful. We were the only customers there and had to finish the sushi rolls we ordered which were definitely not fresh!", 3, 0], "LVYvV_xmo3Y9a1hYw7a6HQ": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "7/10/2012", "I would give unlimited sushi lunch four stars, because it's a good value if you're going to eat a lot. Three stars for dinner, because $25 is a lot for this place. Be prepared for slow, not particularly friendly service. I've had my order messed up a few times, too. But I still keep going back every now and then when I just want to eat a lot of sushi. Don't come with a big group or around noon or any busy time, because you'll spend a frustrating amount of time waiting for your food.", 3, 2], "gUuKItpJcD_xNFB7vfd57Q": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "12/9/2011", "Recommended to this restaurant by a friend from Cornell, I decided to give this place a try with two of my close friends. We went to this restaurant around 8:00 on Friday Dec, 9, 2011, and since we were all quite hungry, decided to go for the $22.99 all you can eat option.It took the waiter about 5 minutes before approaching us to ask for our beverage preference, and then another 10 before taking our order. After taking our order, the three of us must have waited over 45 minutes, and when the food finally came to us, it was not worth the wait. (I would like to point out that at this time, the restaurant was not busy, there was a table of two, and a group of around 10 asides from the three of us at the restaurant). We ordered sashimi, various rolls, and for dessert, ice cream. The sashimi served to us were dry, and clearly not fresh. The rolls were likewise not appetizing, but acceptable, given the fact that there was only one sushi chef making the food for the entire restaurant (only one person during dinner on a Friday night?). The ice cream we had for desert, had the texture and taste of ice cream that had clearly been sitting in the bottom of the freezer for a few months (and while the menu claims to have green tea and strawberry, and vanilla flavors, after we ordered, the server promptly told us that the only flavor available was vanilla).However, what is most ridiculous was the event that pushed me over to signing up and writing my first Yelp review. After the three of us paid and were walking out the door, our server had the audacity to come up to us and claim we \"forgot\" the tip. I don't know what industry standards are these days, but I tip when I receive good service, not because of the fact that someone is operating a business in the states.By the time we left, it was past 10:00, we were not satisfied, and I will definitely not be returning to this restaurant.", 1, 9], "GwEaQBZfTxtj-ItaJLEOng": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "10/27/2011", "Decent sushi at a good price. It is nothing special (like sushi in a real city). The all you can eat is a good deal if you want a lot of sushi. $25 for as many rolls and pieces you can stomach. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed.", 4, 1], "GDY7LF-3WTXRgJVryBMYHg": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "7/9/2011", "The price increased to $25 for the all you can eat buffet, with tax and tip that's over 30$. It no longer seems like such a good value, especially because they only have one guy making the sushi (meaning its slow). So I will likely not come back too soon, since the sushi isn't really any better than other restaurants.", 3, 3], "HHMeIYXTY5X2YmIGLCHYMw": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "7/4/2011", "I organize a group that has been going to Capital State Kitchen & it's former location Capital Corner once or twice/ month since 2004. For 57 reviews on our website it has received 4 of 5 stars average.They are always able to accommodate our group whether we have 2 people or 25. Our average group size is 10 people. They are always prepared and set up for us. They leave water pitchers on table for us. They give us all separate checks & never mix up customers or our dishes. The Chinese Food is as good as any other typical Chinese Food. The Sushi is usually very creatively plated and exceptional in taste. The Staff has always been extremely polite, even when some of our group have on a handful of occasions been a bit loud. We have many discussions and staff is not the type to eavesdrop or put in their 2 cents.The prices for the Chinese Food are very reasonable and they have very reasonable priced \"Combos\".In all the years there was only one time ever where the food was sketchy.The main reason we go is the place is usually quiet and good acoustics to hear each other chat. Also because the staff is so helpful and pleasant.They even allow those on a diet to order BROWN RICE and most dishes steamed with sauce on the side.Very important for whole grains and diets to find a place with Brown Rice option.I admit I got bored with the Chinese food 2x month and very glad they now have Japanse Options as well.Budget minded will find great choices on the Chinese Menu.", 4, 3], "ejTZt9vApozoQ9UBvdVqVg": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "5/30/2011", "Honestly, best sushi in town. And best chinese food too! I've eaten at all of the chinese/japanese restaurants here and this is the best. It's consistent.", 5, 1], "rOFkQruIwI23Z2hfpK2e0w": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "5/10/2011", "Man oh man, I was so excited by this place I starved myself all day so I could as much all-you-can-order sushi. Wow, I was not disappointed whatsoever. At most sushi buffets, the sushi is low quality and just kind of so gross you feel disgusting after a couple hours of gorging. However, I felt great even after a good 3 hours of constant eating with my friends (don't worry, we didn't eat for three hours straight, the food took time to come out). I think I was just so impressed by the cleanliness and the relative high quality of the place in general.At the same time, you have to eat a ton of sushi to really get your money's worth (21 dollars for dinner + tax + tip = 26 dollars). I might check this place out later for lunch and see how it is seeing as how they have all you-can-order then too. But, this place is a MUST GO. Especially in the desolate barren land of Ithaca where many students start to go crazy from missing food from back home.", 5, 11], "A9SFfufi9gdw5xB_aUbiPw": ["Yelp", "Capital State Kitchen Incorporated", "1/4/2011", "Went in for take-out sushi on a whim, asked the hostess for her favorite roll. She suggested the American Dream roll which turned out to be good but not really anything special. Also got one of the special rolls that sounded a little crazy, whose name I can't remember, and it was quite tasty.The decor is nicely done. Capital is probably in my top 2 for sushi in Ithaca (Samurai being my other choice).", 4, 2]}
{"KcXr0WKyY65z156hc9cUpA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "2/7/2019", "there was a piece of mouse feces in my honey mustard sauce. wish i could give 0 stars", 1, 0], "bI1TYLYzf22O5Zae5JHizg": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "1/8/2019", "I was very excited about this new pizza establishment coming to Victor, New York. I have tried the pizza now six times and each time I left very disappointed. The problem was not the recipe, or the ingredients, or even how they baked the pizza, but rather I was served old pizza that had been sitting out far to long. 6 times this happened! I gave them the benefit of the doubt six times.They have obviously NOT instituted a guideline that their restaurants are strictly following or are they trying to save profit by selling old pizza? Today I was hopeful once again and tried the pizza for the last time, again the pizza had been sitting out far far too long and there was hardly any cheese on it. It was as if someone did not care and threw a pizza together that barely had cheese! Such a disappointment, such a mess. I had hoped that Sicilian Delight would be a hit in Rochester, however I am afraid if they continue to serve very old pizza and NOT give free refills they will be out of business in record speed.", 2, 0], "8zMh5hXV9Z5vPCO0R3v4Vg": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "10/30/2018", "The staff were so friendly and the Sicilian slice (with vegan cheese) was outstanding! Just the right amount of sauce and cheese, and the crust was amazing. I'll definitely be going back. It's the only place I can eat in the mall food court as a vegan.", 5, 0], "i9fLXGSK8ofhIOT3hVozGg": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "3/14/2018", "The employee working dropped my calzone on the floor while taking it out of the oven. Another employee said, \"Five second rule.\" The employee who dropped it looked to see if I had noticed, picked it up, and tried to serve it to me. I asked him if this was the calzone he had just dropped on the floor. He said it wasn't, so my wife asked to see the one he had dropped. We were told they didn't have it anymore. He had dropped it 30 seconds prior and never left our sight...", 1, 2], "anr4fOM_qYtQtN0Ny5upFQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "9/5/2017", "I mean, it was food. I went because I was in the mall and pizza sounded good. I have had worse pizza in Ithaca, but probably from only 1 place... It was really greasy and super expensive for a couple slices, but I guess most pizza is greasy.  I had a brownie also, don't know why I bought it. It was the texture of bread and tasted like cocoa powder. I guess if you really want pizza and your in the mall and don't feel like leaving and don't care about spending a little extra for sub par pizza, it's okay.", 2, 0], "MN3Zth1iKh3fzBdbY0XEVQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "8/30/2017", "I was buying some cleaning supplies at target and suddenly felt hungry so i decided to grab a slice from this place to hold me over. BAD IDEA, this pizza was dry and bland. There was barely any sauce or cheese. It doesn't look fresh. I will never eat fromThere again. I know it's not New York City but come on, they have got to do better they only get business because they are located in the mallHowever the manager should be ashamed of charging that price for such sub par food. Yuck !", 1, 0], "Bu60gkISyYhnBvzA4ThKYA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "6/13/2017", "Waited for 30 minutes to get out pizza. Say 20 feet from the counter and watched as they served while pizzas to everybody else but not us. They took a long time to get us out food, and served people who has been there for 5 minutes food before we even got ours. The pizza was good, but not great. Could have been better, and the wait was too long. At least it's not expensive.", 3, 0], "OCAnxjw_kVcqxPYgYfMUFQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "12/17/2016", "hawaiian pizza with no pineapple and mozzarella sticks with ketchup packets", 1, 0], "0uCfIiIAIXuk8eCC5Vtg0w": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "12/16/2016", "Burnt Pizza for a low price of $20. I went back to return it, the older gentlemam had offered to make more but i was so grossed out i declined. They put pepperoni in separate and it looked cheap and disgusting. I went back for a refund, the young man at the counter copped an attitude. The poor young lady was in the middle of it, they had refunded me but I felt the annoyance of the male employee. Never going back.", 1, 0], "Ru9Jr0_N1QzDFgQoHPOgxQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "10/9/2016", "Just paid $4.05 for ONE slice. Crust was okay, sauce tasteless. Not a lot of topping. Won't make this mistake again. Are they aware you can get good WHOLE pizzas between $5-10? Absurd!!! Wish I could give it zero stars.", 1, 0], "fj91YlsTBFzWpBi4XB3-KA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "8/17/2016", "This is probably the most overpriced pizza joint that exists. I do not mind paying for food that is good. This place is just not serving good food. If you enjoy cold pizza, this is the place for you. One star is the best I can do.", 1, 0], "FRkuTbCXOatnP4QPGUz8bA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "8/20/2015", "The service is great and the people there are really nice, but the only good food there are their Pepperoni Rolls, Spinach Rolls, Fried Dough and Their Famous Garlic Knots. The prices are reasonable. My only complaint is that they charge for refills but the have the drink machine set up so you get it yourself and not them. That didn't make since to me.", 3, 0], "uKKMwwJ-jFvjRT4noA1aXQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "11/18/2014", "We ordered pizzas ahead of time last night to keep the costs down (We learned that they charge $4 for a slice of pizza with two toppings, so we decided to NOT order by the slice. Maybe that was with tax. But still.). We picked them up at the time we said we would, and they were tepid at best. The stromboli we ordered was actually cold. Cold! This place has gone so downhill. Where is the quality control? The care? The love? The passion? Does the owner not work on site?", 2, 2], "ZiG8kG_k2ns-WxJX9PLURA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "8/22/2014", "Great if you want cold pizza. This used to be my favorite place to go for pizza but it's really gone downhill in the past year or two. I can't remember the last time I had anything hot there. Pizza is always cold and the Stromboli is cold inside. I have tried it over and over with the hope that they would improve and turn into the place I remember but I think those days are long gone. Time to find a new place in town.", 1, 0], "nr26N-c_QY0dytNL_7GtVA": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "8/2/2014", "Poor quality pizza with disrespectful staff. Yup, authentic sicilian pizzaria.If you want cold wings and pizza that tastes like the stuff you used to get at a school cafeteria then go for it.", 2, 1], "vOiVpOxfyKjwGnOaQAkqmQ": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "3/2/2014", "This place sucks. They burned our pizza, and then when they offered to make a new one the person didn't even make one. One of the employees felt bad and warmed up the window one for us. And we didn't get our money back nor a discount coupon.", 1, 0], "xp4xeNSRHX-Z2Jg1-8i_4A": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "7/18/2013", "This place used to be awesome when a guy named Norm used to work there and make the food and serve it. He left about 2 years ago and I've slowly watched this place go way down hill. The food is pretty much the same as always, but the service is god awful. For instance I went there today and it will be my last time, the woman working behind the counter dropped the sauce for my Calzone. I watched it open up, she literally picked it back up and put it back on my tray.They also have some fear of food trays too. You can order four plates of food and they expect you to carry it with all eight of your arms or something. You have to always ask for a tray, when they give you one it's just plain filthy. If you complain they get all pissed and offended. Just ridiculous, don't go there, take a short drive down to Ned's for better service. If you really want good pizza in Ithaca go to Napoli.", 1, 1], "lWtAJ0kMVpQNcwf73MDE6A": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "1/10/2013", "OK. My top 2 pics for pizza in Ithaca is this place and Sal's downtown. Sicilian Delight has been around since the inception of the mall and they offer a great tasting pie, Very reliable and quick. They do call in and pick up. I think if they existed in Ithaca and had a sit down, it would thrive. As the first review pointed out, who wants to lug a pizza box or boxes through a mall? Also parking and then the walk in and out through the mall is a disadvantage as well. This one is a good pizza house though and they are nice people who take pride in their product.", 4, 1], "ttT_OOfXlp1qUU_ymNvl5g": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "11/25/2012", "This place deserves more than 1 review and also 3 stars. As a native Ithacan, this place has remained one of the top places in the mall to get decent food. If this place had a location in downtown Ithaca, I would eat here more often. But if you're at the mall grab a slice. It satisfies and is probably the best New York style \"mall pizza\" you'll find.", 4, 1], "qJkj3fQJmtOg2JogQNNzPw": ["Yelp", "Sicilian Delight", "3/26/2012", "There's a reason I'm the first person drafting a review of this place: it's located in the center of the mall. Nobody wants to carry a pizza through a mall, that is if you're the type of person who also thinks wearing sweatpants in public is a crime against man. I did this the first week I came to school a few years ago, and I suppose the pizza was okay. It is really cheap, so it got that going for it. There's nothing else redeemable about this place. Eat here if you work in the Holloween shop in the mall, otherwise go elsewhere.", 2, 1]}
{"TfJOLkG5GqYzdmSaJ8l3QQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "2/21/2019", "It's mind blowing how bad the service is at Domino's locations across the country. Sure their pizza is decent, but the service is so bad that it makes the whole ordering process dreadful. Save yourself the headache and do not order unless it is the only thing open.", 1, 0], "z732eNdyrpQCFoVJZwsh0A": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "1/27/2019", "Was here last night. The cashier was incredibly rude and took so long to properly punch in my credit card that I said \"should I just pay with cash?\" She said \"yes.\" in a rude tone. When I had been waiting 20 minutes for my order, which was just cinnamon sticks, I went up to the counter to ask if it was on its way. She nearly screamed at me and said \"I WILL TELL YOU WHEN IT'S READY. GO SIT BACK DOWN.\" I was so startled that I almost started crying. All my friends had finished their food by this point. Another worker came over to ask her what was going on and she said that I wanted to know where my order was. She rolled her eyes. The man asked me what I had ordered and I told him. He told someone working in the kitchen to throw in 2 extra cinnamon sticks. After 45 minutes, my order was ready and the cashier brought two orders for me because the other worker told her she had to in order to make up for the delay. She slammed the boxes down in front of me and in a horrible voice said \"it's your lucky day.\" Everyone at my table was shocked. I have a severe eating disorder and for me to order someone that wasn't just water and a small salad in front of people was such a big step for me but this experience has set me back because I'm so humiliated.", 1, 0], "MxM45aDXXv1nQartHvhF9A": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "10/12/2018", "By far the most disgusting \"wings\" I've ever had. Had mango flavor & hot wings right after a workout tonight and despite feeling extremely hungry I refuse to do my body the disrespect of ingesting this poor failure of an excuse they try to pass off as sustenance. The texture was reminiscent of weak rubber with more fatty disgusting gush than meat. I NEVER waste food but I can't call this food so I have no problem throwing it out tonight. Honestly I meant to call papa johns but messed up confusing the two locations.. I'll never make that mistake again. I say all this with no disrespect to the employees at dominos, I'm sure they're all great people and seemed very nice, but on God's name I'll never order food here again. I'd rather be hungry than attempt to drown them in enough blue cheese to force these gross lumps of crappy chicken down. Please learn from my mistake, go to literally anywhere else for wings, I'd burn $20 & kill a chicken to eat it raw before ever doing this again.", 1, 0], "lN-yPiA8fyeC4KWmuwZoeA": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "9/22/2018", "Ithaca kids save that shmoney! This is the most bullshit service I've had. Listen, when I'm drunk and want a pizza, I do not want to wait 2 hrs for a delivery! It said my pizza was being reviewed for 40 minutes on the dominos app. I had called to see if it was being delivered and they said they were 3 hours behind and hung up! Girl was rude on the line, hung up on me 3 times...", 1, 0], "8wHhOqVk2kUG13c-k8zjZA": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "5/8/2018", "Put in an online order 6 hours in advance. Arrived on time and they had just started my order. Entire time people are screaming, \"TIMED!!!\" at each other. 25 mins later I finally get my pizza, toppings are wrong on 2 of 3. No apology, no explanation.", 2, 0], "LoUcBJ3FEbfW5loZAzYjBg": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "2/7/2018", "Worst pizza delivery experience I've ever had! It never came! What are you gonna do if you order pizza for your party or for dinner and it doesn't come? After an hour and a half I called and they said it was already on its way. After three hours, I had to cook eggs and toast for my kids and send them to bed...  really, really disappointing. I mean, the least they could've done is give me a courtesy call or something, but nope. Nothing. Never again, dominoes!", 1, 1], "VDjJDHWFP9YsW_Y52aJqfQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "12/9/2017", "Domino's is Domino's. It's not the best pizza you're ever going to have, but sometimes you just get a craving. The location for this downtown Ithaca Domino's has changed over the last couple years. The plaza itself that it sits in doesn't have great parking and can be difficult to get into and out of when traffic is busy... but you make due. (Sadly, I'm not in their delivery zone... so it's pick-up only.)In the past, I've gotten pizzas that were overly cooked and some of the toppings more burnt, but I had been thinking that seems to have improved recently. Alas, no! Nix that... just got a pizza from there today and my pizza was overcooked, as was my cheesebread. With regards to price, a large pizza is over $20, and honestly? I've gotten better pizzas for less. Also, when I went to pick up my pizza recently? Things seemed to be in a bit of chaos... with employees not being able to find certain items for orders, yelling for things across the room. TL;DR Would be nice if they expanded their delivery zone... because I'm starting to think the overall experience is more pleasant when you don't have to actually GO in to their location.", 3, 40], "PXZ0MJMzHVaD65lxEdVMDQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "4/23/2017", "Domino's is the best. The crust is amazing, and the flavor of each pizza is more heightened and vivid than most other pizzas. The texture of the bread, the cheese and the taste of the sauce all come together to give you everything you want in a classic pizza. I always order takeout so I'm not sure what the inside of the restaurant feels or looks like.", 5, 1], "qlgiiS8WKJ_Fy82mFPumsQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "1/26/2017", "Let's just say I eat a lot of dominos.... This place is great. It's clean, the workers are nice, service is prompt, orders are correct, and the pizza is always made to perfection.", 5, 0], "C2lIScCRQm7elLr9m4qGGA": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "5/25/2016", "I ate here A LOT back in 2012-2013 and I had a great impression of this Domino's- food and customer service.", 5, 0], "sCwrJeyQDBixYSpEy-5C8A": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "5/8/2015", "good, nothing wrong with that.I ordered delivery for chicken wings, and pizza and they dropped to me on time with average great food, great taste. But that was in year 2014 in March and October 2014, though. Lately, I ordered papa john, too.", 5, 0], "1gndUu7ISro-CV5MPA5TjA": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "3/15/2015", "Worst service I've ever experienced. Period.Placed an online order via the app at 5:07pm on a SUNDAY night. Called 90 minutes later when my pizza still hadn't arrived to the hotel I was staying at. When the employee I spoke with learned of my situation, she NEVER ONCE APOLOGIZED and said that both they and the driver tried calling to get my hotel room number, which was an absolute lie as I had no missed calls and I was sitting in the lobby waiting for him to arrive. The ignorance, willingness to lie, and attempt to pin the problem on ME is the polar opposite of customer service. I strongly recommend that this store instill a little effort into appropriate customer service training skills, as it is quite evident that none of its employees have any f***'s to give.Promised to refund my credit card. We'll see if that ever happens.", 1, 3], "skBOcfje1fqrbKZph3yGUw": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "2/8/2015", "BEWARE. The worst. I have ordered from them multiple times and they always happen to \"forget\" part of my order - whether it's a drink, a side, etc. Of course I feel bad telling the poor driver to go back just to pick it up when it's not his fault, but when this happens MULTIPLE times, it makes me wonder if they're truly just constantly making mistakes or trying to rip off customers by taking a couple of dollars from each.", 1, 3], "spJYJRb-gAAIDrNPUFU06g": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "10/17/2014", "Have only had good easy food ordering experiences with these guys. Food is always nice and hot when it's delivered and everyone I've talked to here has been nice.edit: Been a year of ordering from here and they're still always perfect. They never mess up my orders or bring them in late. I don't get the other reviews.edit 2017: Still a great location, nice delivery drivers, perfect orders that are always hot.", 5, 5], "wSWqx2xXjWSziYLI2x_rhg": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "8/12/2014", "Great experience with delivery highly recommend you do it online though as the hold up for on the phone can be quit long on busy nights like Friday or Saturday", 4, 0], "QqgHHbm9WX8WYoWyCc4-Jw": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "12/15/2013", "The service at this Domino's is by far the worst I have ever experienced. I've had several occasions where they have given me the wrong order, and recently they placed my delivery order in the store pickup pile after they initially told me I had a 45 minute wait. After my order hadn't arrived by 50 minutes and I found out their mistake, they told me it would be over an hour to deliver on too of the 50 minutes I already waited. Truly the worst pizza place Ithaca.", 1, 3], "STtEGCOQt0BM8gPbnstPrQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "12/8/2012", "Pizza delivered at 2am? Doesn't get much better than that.The Grub --* 2 Medium 2-Topping Pizzas (Mushroom & Pepperoni and Pineapple & Bacon) ($5.99 each)Venue Review --Domino's is tucked away into the corner of a small plaza right before you reach the Commons where the REAL food is. It's nothing special in terms of dining arrangement. Everything feels a little sticky or greasy, but that's exactly what you'd expect at any self-respecting pizza parlor.Food Review --The price cannot be beat! For $5.99 apiece my friend and I ordered in 2 Medium (12\") pizzas to fuel our weary minds. They were SO HOT when we opened up the cardboard boxes that steam came rushing out. It was as if they came right off the pizza belt. The garlic crust is a BIG plus. It might have just been the fact that we were going delusional from all the studying, but my friend and I were very impressed with the pizza. Only problem we had was that the sauce was barely there and the cheese (we asked for the normal amount although there are heavier options) was also almost nonexistent.Service Review --The times I've dined-in, service has been \"eh\". Just enough politeness to get your order in and sit down with your food but of course when you get fountain drinks, refills are on your own, buddy.Overall Impression --If you get hungry on a Friday or Saturday late night, call up Domino's, they'll deliver until 2 AM! Most other nights they're open until 1am. Domino's isn't always my first choice back at home (it falls short of Mountain Mike's, Papa John's, etc.), but with many more great deals like this one maybe I'll be calling them up more often.", 3, 3], "kQsxXO47DL7ApMaHbnK2pQ": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "12/18/2011", "In my experiences Domino's usually has good service, but not this one. In three and a half years of ordering from them, the majority of my orders have resulted in a bad experience. They've refused to honor coupons that are still valid, they've delivered the wrong pizza, and they've taken forever to deliver.My worst experience was on a football Sunday. They quoted me 1.5 hours until delivery and I thought that was a long time but I was willing to wait. 2 hours later I called back to check up on where the pizza was and they told me it was next in line to be made. I called again at 3 hours and they didn't even pick up the phone. After repeated calls, I called with a friend's phone to see if they were screening my calls and it turns out they picked up right away in hopes of taking another order. Once they found out who I was they put me on hold and I couldn't reach them after that. The pizza was never delivered.", 1, 5], "Q07y_1k413UhIouQqjoGaA": ["Yelp", "Domino\u2019s Pizza", "3/13/2011", "I feel ridiculous for trying to write a review for Domino's, but my experience with this place has been frustrating. I've never ordered takeout in Ithaca, but I called this place to order a medium two topping pie for delivery. I was stuck on the phone for ten minutes during this transaction. The man on the other line just couldn't figure out what I was saying, even though there wasn't much background noise on either end. At one point, he said to me, \"Shouting will not help me hear you better,\" which I found irritating because I wasn't actually shouting. It was a bad connection, but thanks, Domino's, for placing the blame on me.When I gave him my credit card number, he said the machine was frozen and it was rejecting my order. When I asked to make sure that all of these failed attempts weren't charging my credit card repeatedly, he said, \"It's telling me 'failed attempt,' so how can it be charging your credit card?\" So I said I would like to cancel the order altogether. Of course, he called me back five minutes later to say that the order actually did go through and my credit card was charged. To cancel the order now, he added, I'd have to wait three days for the charge to clear from my credit card statement. Apparently, \"failed attempt\" could very well mean that the order did go through, so I guess he belittled me for no reason after all.", 2, 8]}
{"-XOUOV0x1u58LWVZcF5uaA": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "2/18/2019", "Good bagels , but horrible and disrespectful service. Every time we go here we have to wait forever to have someone to take our order and then wait forever for someone to get our bill. When we order the employee always puts on this face. This women called Victoria was for some reason so annoyed with us that she ignored our simple question on what bagels there were and gave us this face when we were trying to finish our order. And then while we were waiting for our order we were told there was no ingredient for our bagel. This is not our first experience of horrible service with an employee here. I would really recommend the manager to work on employee training or we would not be coming back for this type of treatment.", 2, 0], "NOKpZT_YPrJDfz24Kndrfg": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "11/25/2018", "Delicious food with quick service, and so many options! I went twice for breakfast over Thanksgiving weekend while visiting from out of town, and I was impressed both times. I had the Big Red pizza bagel and then a peanut butter & banana bagel the next day. Portion sizes were pretty generous and I enjoyed both meals. It was difficult to pick from the massive menu, and I wish I'd been able to come back for lunch too.", 5, 0], "4waV8U1d7rmXVIo5K2y7yg": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "10/14/2018", "Good bagels and Ithaca bakery treats but absolutely unsanitary and unacceptable to have flies swarming around the salad bar let alone breeding in it...it would probably just be better to get rid of the salad bar altogether", 1, 4], "MsS2sc7D76-ISmv2yvVFxQ": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "10/7/2018", "Good bagels and food. A few solid vegan options. Nice place. They also have a few vegan desserts that are pretty good.", 3, 0], "S1T1VeCzBQfoDWWEoA2ngw": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "8/15/2018", "Lots of sandwich options from cold to hot choices. Different options in meat and bread. Very tasty. The sandwiches are pretty costly and the portions are on the smaller side. Can be very busy during lunch", 3, 0], "HT3Ubf2ZWdB7h4bcRCK7Bw": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "7/15/2018", "Loved it! I had the Zag panini and it was delicious. Great gluten free options and so many different wraps and sandwiches!", 5, 0], "R6QY9tYVitd7Bga6qkEd9g": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "7/14/2018", "I was looking for something that was healthier than fast food and I don't know Ithaca very well. Someone recommended this place to me and I'm so very glad they did! When I walked in, I was kind of confused as to where I was supposed to order. I found my way toward the back of the area where they assemble food. No one acknowledged me for the first 3 minutes or so, they were busy making food. That was ok with me because I was trying to decide, their menu is extensive. They have pre-made green salads and sides such as rice and potato salad in a cooler section. They have everything from paninis, to wraps, to pizza bagels. After racking my brain, I decided to go with their Zabs Panini because it sounded good and it's a best seller. IT WAS AMAZING!!! It had turkey, avocado, chipotle aioli dressing, and fresh mozzarella. It was cooked perfectly and everything was soooo fresh! They were out of the ciabatta bread that it went on, and I can't remember what kind they used, but I wouldn't have changed a thing!! It was seriously one of the best sandwiches I've EVER had. I am going to dream about it! They also had bottled drinks and tons of desserts (some were very fancy slices of cake and dessert bars) in the place, as well as ice cream. I grabbed a peanut butter/chocolate chip cookie to have for dessert. This was just ok. Didn't seem super fresh and could have been more flavorful.When I'm in Ithaca again, I will definitely go back to this place!", 4, 1], "hJbwry3q_ywt6Ga13AeJ1w": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "6/11/2018", "I want to like the East Hill Plaza CTB location - I like the staff, it's convenient to my home and work, and the food is fine (though the bagels are nothing like true New York bagels, so don't expect that). However, the quality of the food is inconsistent. The greens (especially spinach) aren't in the greatest shape, and other produce on sandwiches/bowls/salads (like apples, cucumbers, etc.) can be mealy. It's a bummer, because I appreciate that they recently expanded their menu to include bowls, but it's just hit or miss with the quality.", 2, 0], "zZoIY5UncD3D0F8P_zzzRw": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "4/7/2018", "Wow lots of different choices for different bagel sandwiches and very creative/fun atmosphere. Very college-town. Order process can be difficult your first time there mainly because the menu size.", 4, 0], "lEWYaRWqy_muu-ibi_wjJA": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "8/31/2017", "My wife and I go here regularly, but at this point it's more out of convenience than anything. The food, when done correctly, is great. The coffee selection is excellent, the bagels are top notch. The sandwiches are inventive. The bakery goods are fantastic... The problem is, they can't get the orders right to save their lives. In the past month and a half we've had 6 orders screwed up. Bagels that aren't toasted, the wrong cream cheese, bagels that are extremely burnt, lox served with no salmon, serving us tuna salad instead of chicken, and more. I want to love it and when the food is served correctly I do, but I never actually know what I'm going to get when I order. The staff just seems to pay no attention to what they're doing.", 2, 0], "9Ng105OjbBFU8SqXH5-EgA": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "4/15/2017", "The Pine Tree Road location is my favorite :) Love this place--the employees are friendly and helpful, there's tons of space to sit and eat in the store, and, of course, the food is delicious!", 5, 0], "i95J7914MOaroLxc4uTO0Q": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "3/6/2017", "I go there at least once a week. I usually order on their website and then go there for pick up. Things have always been good until today when I found a BURNT bagel (photo of which is uploaded) after I got to my office. About 1/3 of the bagel (measured in area), (or 1/5 measured in diameter), was literally BLACK and AS HARD AS STONE. This is obviously not acceptable by any standard. I kept wondering how they could decide to serve this to a customer. Maybe it is because it was a to go order, and they knew whoever got it wouldn't trouble returning to the store for exchange. So a piece of advice: check your to go orders on spot when you order from them to avoid unwanted surprise.I give 3 stars instead of 1 because I had good experience with them before.", 3, 1], "aIaJS1j2VNBfu8B2COJFoQ": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "7/17/2016", "they have really good bagels and the servers are absolutely adorable, they are so sweet and helpful! I got the cinnamon raisin bagel toasted with cream cheese and nova. it is so good", 5, 0], "bSziDYt9azWsq32S-FJ7Vw": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "4/26/2016", "This place is AMAZING. A true gem in Ithaca. Their chain has a large selection of delicious bagel concoctions. During my stay in Ithaca I visited this location as well as the location on college street. I had the California Sunrise one (scrambled eggs, avocado, red onion) on a sesame bagel and the Round (scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, hashbrown on a rosemary salt bagel). Both of them were delicious! Although I liked the California Sunrise one better, I like my sesame bagels. The rosemary salt one was a different twist - I would've preferred a less seasoned bagel, but it was still great to try nonetheless. This location at Pine Tree Rd is less crowded, which I prefer as well. Their Cheddar Chive Biscuits are to die for - I highly recommend it. DELICIOUS!", 5, 0], "7XhGNvoW18qEwocXNdV4UQ": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "7/9/2015", "I guess it's my own fault for anticipating this to be a great bagel experience. It was a so-so bagel experience. I got a garlic bagel and it was sadly underwhelming; still edible, just not great. I asked for it toasted and got it back badly burnt. Also the coffee wasn't that great. It tasted mostly like the cup it was in.Their cream cheese was delicious at least, but ultimately I have no clue where they source it from. Maybe their bagels are better when not toasted? Too bad, this could be a great shop if they fine tuned it a bit better.", 2, 0], "TXJB4aHusKl5gxXellq9QQ": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "5/7/2015", "Great concept, well executed...and if you love bagels, then give it a go!Daughter and I split a couple of sandwiches...the open-faced tuna melt on an everything bagel (yum!) and the West End (consisting of roast beef, a spicy honey mustard dressing and tomato) which was a grilled Panini style. Both sandwiches were full of flavor and quite filling. Along with chips and a drink the meals were priced reasonably, especially for the quality of what you get.Fun place, could see hanging out here with a coffee and getting your work done.", 4, 1], "KApDCt-DIOBjKw2RGiY2Ww": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "9/1/2014", "Had a breakfast burrito with steak, it was great. Whole family got served and were happy with their food. We used to live in Ithaca 17 years ago, and were back for a visit - it was nice to know Collegetown Bagels has stayed high in quality for a reasonable price.", 4, 0], "9psSoIwJRLHCntSP39m3hQ": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "3/30/2014", "Same great menu as the other branches, but since it's not actually in Collegetown it's much more spacious and quiet if you actually feel like doing work in there. If you live on that side of Ithaca and don't feel like going to campus this would be a great alternative.It's also much cleaner since they don't have nearly as many students going in and out of here.For sandwiches, I recommend the Autumn Sky, CTBLT, or the Mediterranean. For bagels, Big Sur and California Sunrise are my staples. Same goes for every other branch.", 5, 1], "13Ju4NVARIwDbpkFjmQWbA": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "11/5/2012", "My husband and I LOVE CTB. They always have great soups on the menu, and they have an enormous assortment of sandwiches - there's something for everyone. I've tried the Javi, Flat Rock, Maggie's Farm, West End Melt, and Reuben, and all have been delicious. The breads here are wonderful - each is done well, and compliments the sandwiches perfectly. My husband sticks with the Big Sur, but nearly died when he tried some of my Maggie's Farm sandwich last weekend.The East Hill Plaza location is great, because it is not nearly as crowded and insane as the Collegetown location, even during the weekend's lunch hour. It also tends to have a slightly older crowd - more grad students, professors, and professionals.CTB is one of the very few Ithaca eateries we'll miss when we leave next year.", 5, 0], "uawynwk0d6SrZElFKYNdpw": ["Yelp", "Collegetown Bagels", "5/4/2012", "As a bagel shop, this place is awesome. As a bakery: top notch.Cafe: fantastic.Yes, I do like CTB. For Ithaca, this place is a pleasant surprise, being more akin to what you would expect from a big city, little neighborhood bakery.The food is fresh and the flavor combinations are very tasty! The rosemary salt bagel is my favorite. Every time I go in to CTB, I end up finding something new to try. If you are in Ithaca, I very much recommend this place.", 5, 2]}
{"UinSGqwMZYbcyU2mHG1ZiQ": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "9/2/2017", "I look forward to eating breakfast here every time we come to Ithaca. It has a very personal touch, good food, good portions and gorgeous stained glass ceiling panels over roughly half of the space. Only drawbacks to me are limited space and limited hours.", 4, 0], "cSGN2JAN0pouga2qThdiyw": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "8/3/2017", "I'm not a breakfast person, but this was the best omelet I have ever had. You NEED to get the goat cheese in it!", 5, 0], "qPm0FLsnEHrPad5wyDDkqg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "7/23/2017", "We had breakfast here twice and it was delicious. I had the waffle with apricot compote. Sit outside if you can. Lovely atmosphere.", 5, 0], "MYIT5_z9YOtWKVKyXF9YkQ": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "2/9/2017", "I would suggest the stuffed pancakes, yummmmm! Very cute place to enjoy breakfast before you start your day.", 5, 0], "9NfyHrXjIFQcmj2bu3Um_Q": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "5/31/2016", "Beautiful breakfast option: good,local food, nice dining room, and outside dining in the summer.For $14.95, you get fresh fruit, pastries, coffee/juice/tea, and a breakfast entree. The savory dishes seem to be a better deal but the French Toast here never disappoints. Oatmeal crusted, the thick pieces of bread a crispy on the outside, not overly sweet, and very fluffy. For the savory option - you get to pick your own ingredients for the omelette. I highly recommend the bacon-asparagus-goat cheese combination.Always a lovely time here. The surroundings are great too! Highly recommend.", 4, 0], "P5uMEHtAtK0qIjIuye-A1A": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "4/17/2015", "Had a couple of times pretty good lunch and brunch there over past year or two. Went there yesterday with an invited speaker and was frankly embarrassed. Super slow service, half of the menu could not be served - \"because they were so busy\" -(?? at 1 pm besides our table they had only two other tables to serve??). The last two sandwiches they managed to serve us were *OK*. Left with general impression like they were scared if we, god forbid, would order something else. How many people do they normally expect to feed at one day lunch? 3? 4?", 2, 0], "YB1MJrsLzwOtDOxWYagYVg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "3/29/2015", "This is a quaint, adorable little place in the lovely La Tourelle Inn. The bistro operates a very simple, locally sourced, and delicious breakfast, which is also offered as a brunch on the weekends. Lunch offerings are also elegant, simple, and perfect for a break away from the office for the classroom when you feel like you need a nice treat. Prices are quite modest: $15 for the breakfast, which includes several choices between pancakes, French toast, farmer style breakfast, omelettes, and all come with a breakfast pastry, fruit bowl, toast, and coffee or tea. It is quite the steal for only $15 plus do you factor in that they're mostly organic or otherwise locally sourced ingredients.I myself have just eaten breakfast here for days in a row and have a mentally enjoyed it each time. The atmosphere is that of a country inn: quaint, friendly, and you get the feeling like you are the only person who matters. Every server I had was sweet, friendly, and sensitive to the fact that I was actually trying to move through my meal so that I could get to my business. The omelettes are absolutely fantastic, especially with the local organic meats and vegetables selections, I highly recommend anything with goat cheese. The Bistro and I will definitely have a future relationship together, as I plan on making it a stop every time I'm back in town even if I'm not staying at this hotel.", 5, 5], "nZpbCxDkgmU5UQ_ZPQw7wA": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "6/9/2013", "Went for Sunday brunch. Ordered the shrimp and polenta (the classy man's shrimp 'n' grits) and it was decent - a bit under-seasoned for my taste, even with the chorizo. People always rave about their oatmeal-crusted french toast, and it really is quite delicious. Had a taste of my friend's omelette, which...tasted like an omelette (nothing really to complain about there, but also nothing to rave about). I haven't tried the lunch at the La Tourelle location, but I did have a really great steak salad and flatbread pizza at the Sheldrake Point Winery location before it closed.", 3, 1], "HKNWJQ65CL6kqnONxaI7Sg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "5/24/2013", "BEST BRUNCH in ithaca, hands down. Blew me (and my friends away).Almost everything we ordered were SO mindblowingly delicious! :) More details here: inagoodfoodmood.wordpres\u2026", 5, 1], "5ZrlGC8QQzQvgk6tRT5TOg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "10/22/2012", "Pros: service, cute outside decorCons: foodMy friend and I came here for Saturday brunch, not to be confused with breakfast apparently. Breakfast (7:30-10:30 AM) and brunch (11:00-?) is basically lunch. She ordered eggs benedict over crab risotto and I ordered the frittata with artichoke, asparagus, goat cheese and shallot. Her eggs benedict ($14) was mediocre at best-- the hollandaise was thick and gloppy, the risotto was overcooked. All in all it was way too rich; she could hardly eat half of it. My frittata ($10) was overcooked and the vegetables were chopped far too large. The only flavor came from the goat cheese and I ended up having to eat it with ketchup to get through it. To add insult to injury, we both felt sick to our stomachs afterward and neither of us are the picky eater/finicky stomach type.Summary: bad food, overpriced. You're better off at Cafe Dewitt, Northstar or Carriage House for atmosphere...or even the Lincoln St Diner for food.", 1, 0], "SMmWgxr8aowWcm-juuHVrg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "5/22/2012", "My fiance and I come here for brunch almost everytime I'm in town. We love coming for the prix fixe menu that includes pastries, a parfait or fruit salad and the 'main' meal. I always end up getting the parfait followed by the oatmeal encrusted french toast. (The fruit salad is pretty basic.) I like mixing up the parfait so that its consistent-I'm not the biggest fan of greek yogurt but its a nice tang when mixed with the crunchy granola and sweet fruit and chocolate chips. The french toast is delicious. Again, I love that there is a play of textures with the soft toast, tangy cream cheese drizzle, fresh strawberries and crisp oatmeal crust. The beau has gotten various items on the menu depending on what he was interested in that morning. He's been fairly happy with everything he's tried but he usually ends up munching on a fair portion of my french toast one he's done with his meal.", 4, 0], "rT3nBxCTyK-yRTv6XCa7jA": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "9/25/2011", "I had waited a long time to dine at Simply Red at La Tourelle. A few months ago, I purchased a gift certificate on Restaurants.com, excited that Simply Red was one of the featured restaurants. I had heard rave reviews about their Sheldrake location and I expected that the quality would carry over to their restaurant at La Tourelle.My boyfriend and I showed up at the resort and were seated within a few minutes. We ordered our drinks and were getting ready to order our brunch entrees when the waiter noticed my folded up gift certificate on the table. He said, \"If that is a gift certificate from Restaurants.com, we do not honor those here\". No explanation, just told me to get back in touch with the website to complain. This was disappointing and unexpected, as this was the whole reason for coming to the restaurant and we definitely would have gone to Sheldrake's Simply Red instead. In any case, we decided to stay and have a nice brunch since we were already there.I ordered the Crab and Shrimp Risotto and Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the Classic Breakfast with scrambled eggs. The food came relatively quickly, within 10 or 15 minutes. My plate had a few items on it - orange and grapefruit slices, hashbrowns, and the eggs benedict. The hashbrowns were all burnt on one side - they had been positioned with the unburnt side up, but when I flipped them over, they were charred. The risotto was mushy and bland, with one or two small pieces of shrimp. The eggs were over-poached, with practically hard yolks.My boyfriend's eggs were dry and the sausages tasted like hot dogs.Overall, really not a great experience. We could have easily cooked better food ourselves, and it was a real let down considering the quality of food I had expected at Simply Red. I would not recommend going to Simply Red at La Tourelle and especially do not go if you have a gift certificate - apparently they don't accept those.", 1, 5], "9KlklDQ5VMGLmC4gZWsp-Q": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "6/25/2011", "I initially came to La Tourelle Resort and Spa for my interest in the \"Simply Red Bistro.\" I can't cook to save my life but I watch all the \"chef shows.\" Chef Samantha Izzo appeared on the TV show \"Chopped\" and I found her work creative. I had the Saturday morning brunch and what a treat it was! I ordered the Chorizo and Creamy Herb Polenta. My mouth is watering as I write. This dish consists of a dense \"cake\" of polenta topped with a lovely, perfectly cooked, poached egg, surrounded by delicious slices of chorizo and fresh asparagus spears, and covered with a buttery hollandaise. The portion was manageable - not overwhelming - with a perfect marriage of flavors. My hub had the Mama Red's Giant Mexican Burrito. He dug in and never looked up - a sure sign of excellence! Take the word \"giant\" seriously. Too many ingredients to list, so see it for yourself: simplyredbistro.comOur waitress, Alicia, was a true professional and helped us narrow down our choices. (Note to self: must come back and try everything on the menu.) We will return.", 5, 1], "SymkYMpYIMSYCsrSO_rS-g": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "6/19/2011", "Excellent service by the wait staff, which was especially appreciated considering I was out of both dress and element at this spa-supported restaurant. I came here for brunch today at 11:30 am, planning on coffee and a light meal. After looking over the menu, I went for plain coffee with milk, and chose the frittata with artichoke and goat cheese topping as my course. Two of my companions made the same choice.The plate came quickly, and I found the presentation appealing - slices of fruit stacked, and breakfast potatoes nestled under fresh greens, with a wedge of... omelet?It did not appear like a frittata, which is commonly cooked as a slice of egg-based pie, but instead as an egg dish that was folded over its ingredients, like an omelet.While much of the periphery of the dish was delicious (I went for seconds on the salad by stealing greens from my girlfriends' plate!) there were parts that were not satisfactory.The grapefruit slice was appetizing-looking, but bland. It should have been sweeter and wetter, so I'm not sure how long ago it had been cut. The orange slice had a distinct taste and smell of off-ripeness. Lastly, the frittata, while comprised of a promising blend of ingredients, did not serve my palette due to its dryness and lack of flavor. The onion inside included bits of skin, which should have been discarded.The meal was somewhat enjoyable, but revisited me in a stomach ache, causing me to consider the quality of cleanliness of the ingredients. I'm not sure if I could recommend this particular plate at Simply Red, and am curious about how it was prepared.", 3, 2], "zGr1plnzQJ6IEfkT4INYhA": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "6/19/2011", "My parents, boyfriend and I just went to Simply Red to have brunch for Father's Day. This was our first time going to Simply Red at LaTourelle. When we arrived, there was a big reunion going on, so parking was crazy. We parked all the way past the old tennis court that was converted into a parking lot. We began the walk up, and I have to admit that we were more than a little confused about where exactly the bistro was located. Maybe we missed signs because of all the reunion signs and people walking around, but I didn't see anything telling us that Simply Red Bistro was even located here. Even when we pulled in, I didn't see a sign saying Simply Red Bistro was there - the main signs said John Thomas, LaTourelle, & August Moon Spa. We went all the way around to the front to walk in the \"main\" entrance and saw the Bistro off to the left.Our waitress came over and greeted us immediately. She asked right away what we would like to drink, and pitchers of water were already placed on our table. We all opted for coffee, and our waitress even thought to ask if we all preferred cream, at which point I was able to tell her I would like milk, not cream. Normally, I have to ask special for milk, so it was a nice change to not have to ask. However, when we began to pour glasses of water for ourselves, my boyfriend noticed one of the glasses still had lipstick residue from the last customer on it. We had to ask for a new glass, which was unfortunate, but at least he noticed before we drank out of it! I thought the menu had a decent variety, although it was small. My mom, boyfriend and I all got the frittata while my dad got their Eggs Benedict (served with some kind of seafood, I didn't pay attention because I don't really eat seafood). I have to admit that I made my food decision hastily as I felt a little rushed, and was on the fence between the frittata and their Classic Breakfast. Now I wish I had stuck with my original instinct to get the Classic Breakfast.Our food was out very quickly, and the frittata was covered with salad greens. Also stuck under the greens was one half slice of orange, one half slice of grapefruit, and one half of a strawberry. I could just seem some potatoes poking out from the greens, so I decided to transfer my greens over to my side plate. I quickly passed off the orange and grapefruit to my boyfriend and ate the strawberry. My boyfriend said the orange slices were about at the end of their life, which is kind of sad for an upscale bistro.I ate the potatoes first, and they were quite good. There was a whole garlic clove in with everyone's serving with potatoes, which was nice (we love garlic!). Next I moved on to the frittata. It had asparagus, shallots, and artichokes in it. The artichoke pieces were too big I thought, as it was hard to cut a nice bite size piece of the frittata without fighting with the artichoke to cut it apart. The asparagus on the other hand was chopped up into tiny pieces. There were shallots as well, but it seemed like the papery skin was not removed as I pulled out a few pieces that looked just like the outside of an onion. The frittata was decent. The salad greens were good. They were in a vinaigrette type dressing. Over all the meal was tasty, but not the best brunch I've ever had. I think I would've been much happier with the Classic Breakfast as I'm a picky eater. I was also slightly disappointed that there were no dessert options, or maybe they weren't told to us. It may seem weird to have dessert at brunch, but I am a dessert girl, and would've loved to have some dessert. Especially since we were dining at 11:30, and this was one meal in the place of 2 meals, so a little dessert would've been nice.I think next time, I'll try Simply Red Bistro at Sheldrake Winery instead.Erin says...you rock (mostly)!", 3, 2], "LBXzSCzCluB1tqp69_f2qw": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "4/21/2011", "One of the great joys of the travelling life is an unexpectedly great meal. After being trapped in the one-way system in Ithaca for an eternity, and then finding most of the downtown restaurants closed on Mondays, things gastronomic looked a bit desperate. Fortunately the Yelp app picked up Simply Red located a few miles out of town. The Bistro is the house restaurant for a beautifully located old hotel (La Tourelle - great valley views). The dining room has a vaguely mid-European feel, enhanced by the stunning stained glass ceiling. Promisingly, the lunch menu was also quite simple in the Euro style (soups, salads, some interesting sandwiches and a \"themed\" set lunch - in this case Chimmichurri!). Everything we ordered (bean & leek soup, house cured salmon, veggie quiche, frisee and dill salad, brisket on kummelweck & local cheeses) was simply prepared, healthy and fantastically fresh tasting. Paired with outstanding German-style Finger Lakes wines this really was an excellent surprise and terrific value. Much kudos to chef Izzo (who clearly survived her Food Network experience in fine form) for her use of local ingredients in an honest and unpretentious way", 4, 0], "LtEC6IKlVPd1r7Y-5o5oXA": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "12/3/2010", "Please, PLEASE go here if you get the opportunity. The breakfasts are even better than the pictures and the menu look. I have always been a fan of french toast, but I have never had it like this before, encrusted in cinnamon and nuts with a sweet glaze dizzled on top. It comes with delicious parfait (if you choose that from among other options) that is made with fresh fruit, greek yogurt, and homemade granola. The sides are fairly inexpensive, but also delightful (especially the garlic-grilled potato/sweet potato blend). You will have the best breakfast (and lunch) of your life!", 5, 0], "bzNv1U6OSe6u1MqZBEOFAg": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "8/31/2010", "We've stayed at La Tourelle a few times and we've always loved it, but our most recent stay included two breakfasts at Simply Red. It's kind of a bummer to know what we missed out on during our other stays. Everything from the omelets to the breakfast pastries is absolutely delicious and unique. Our service was wonderful, too. Our server gave us great advice on what to do in the area. I can't recommend this place highly enough. Be sure to go there for breakfast if you have a chance.", 5, 0], "bHB6DTu-wpk-A8wMAKiXSw": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "8/21/2009", "I work on Sundays so I'm always missing out on brunch, which makes me sad because brunch is the ultimate meal. Why more restaurants don't do their Sunday brunch on Saturday as well, we'll never know. but this is beside the point.Whenever I do manage to get a Sunday off, brunch is the first item of business. Simply Red recently opened up shop in Danby as the restaurant for La Tourelle - the inn and spa.  This is a second location for them, in addition to their restaurant at Sheldrake - and since I have long been a fan of Simply Red (mostly because of their fried chicken!), and because La Tourelle is close to home for me, I had been anxious to give their brunch a try.The service was great and I loved the big, cushy, and super comfortable chairs. I was able to snuggle in and let myself hide from the real world a little longer that morning. I like the atmosphere there, despite it's being a hotel restaurant. The brunch came with pastries, which were totally unecessary because the brunch portions were truly enormous. but hey, everyone likes pastries so I won't complain. I ordered the crab and shrimp eggs benedict which was absolutely to die for. I think this plate had to have been 4000+ calories - it was just swimming in the richest, most delicious hollaindaise sauce I had ever had. My husband ordered the giant burrito, which was indeed made for a giant - and was spicy, messy, and yummy.The brunch was also very reasonably priced - we each had coffee, juice and at least three times as much food as a person probably should eat for breakfast, and well honestly I don't remember what the bill came to, but we were both impressed that it wasn't a more expensive brunch. So now I am plotting to take off more Sundays, so that I can eat the Simply Red brunch again. In the meantime, you should go and eat brunch there for me - it makes me so sad when restaurants stop doing their wonderful brunches (I'll never forget you Maxies brunch! Or you, Just a Taste brunch!). Support the brunch!!(I should note that I also enjoy the lunches at Simply Red - I guess given the near complete lack of good brunch in Ithaca, their brunch seemed most notable to me at the moment. but the crab cakes for lunch are quite fantastic, fyi)", 4, 0], "adUFxmPu6uCBpeV_-sJylA": ["Yelp", "The Bistro at La Tourelle", "6/19/2009", "Simply Red serves simply the best breakfast I've had in Ithaca! Seriously amazing. We were a bit intimidated to venture out to a spa resort for food, afraid it would be like crashing a hotel breakfast, and the posh interior nearly confirmed our fears. But once seated and served by the super attentive staff, we eased into a fantastically indulgent pampering. The first thing to arrive was a truly heavenly yogurt parfait featuring loads of fresh fruit, chocolate chips, nuts and a yummy cinnamon granola. That was followed by a basket of warm pastries, served with a sweet butter. Divine. And so filling, I could have walked away happy then and there. But then I would have missed out on the biggest treat of all: oatmeal crusted french toast with fresh strawberries, drizzled with a brown sugar cream. Wow, wow and wow! My partner was equally happy with his classic breakfast of eggs, bacon, taters and toast. It felt like a real splurge, but at $11.95 per person for everything, including drinks, it's actually the bargain of the century. And afterwards, we were happy to walk off some of that grub by exploring the woodland trails that wrap around the gorgeous grounds. Such a satisfying start to our Saturday, and one we're looking forward to repeating again soon.", 5, 0]}
{"UDwhFMN4orHpg0UQ31-Y7A": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "2/18/2019", "I've only ordered carryout and if your order is more than $10, delivery is free. I have ordered their pizza and eggplant parm. Their crust is too doughy, but I liked the parm. For 13, you get two sides with it. I would not recommend their garlic knots because its not garlicky enough. I will definitely order from them again!", 4, 0], "X4y4CTyOWfJ9jE92kLFr3w": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "11/15/2018", "Ordered the food and it was missing a salad. We called back and told them they forgot it. They never came and we waited over an hour again. We had to call a third time and they said they would deliver it and we've been waiting over thirty minutes now. We still don't know if it will come.", 1, 0], "87aMoReviIBERkf8CNKeRg": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "5/8/2018", "A little expensive but oh so good, way better than Scooby Steve's Ice Cream farther down the road -- go to Candor Ice Cream -- its the best -- pizza at ICO can be ordered online and they even deliver to Danby !!!!", 5, 0], "Q33rSKWbMJbgq2uctINhoQ": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "2/8/2018", "I've never been there physically but it's pretty much the best Italian delivery that I've had around Ithaca. Their chicken and veal parm are both very good and I highly recommend paying extra to get their manicotti with it.Pizza and wings come fast and they have a huge selection of sauces and toppings. Lastly if subs are more you speed then you need to try their flying squirrel, it's a fantastic combination of flavors.", 4, 0], "v8pb7bTB85AW-UNITyUwag": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "11/5/2017", "This place makes some decent food that is above the standard pizza shop fare. I havent been disappointed with anything I have gotten from them. My favorite would be their greek salad it is huge, FRESH & decently priced, its a perfect light lunch & then some.", 4, 0], "7C90jip2BC8jsaKhLnoeIw": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "10/24/2017", "Had a bad experience the other night and I made it well known of my experience! The ICO Owner Mr. Salino called and made it known to me that he was very sorry for my experience! I am appreciative as a customer that he as an owner took the time out to make things right and ensure that I am satisfied! Thank you for that!", 4, 0], "R2Q8otmiDjuN0KtDQ8c1YQ": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "10/17/2017", "Okay we are done with them. Though this food can be great. Its a hit or miss with the taste, delivery, customer service. We spend way to much moneu eating out to have to predict of a place os goong to be good. Smh", 1, 1], "aAdZZxuRAE-8Y4RCSWGOlQ": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "4/13/2017", "This is literally, hands down, my favorite fried fish sandwich/sub/dinner in town! Great pizza, with fast delivery service. I love ICO!", 5, 0], "ndTSxlFl3h48OzPp11vcwg": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "1/22/2017", "Crummy, dreary, overpriced little place in a muddy parking lot. Stayed at the hotel next door and ordered here twice - two more times than I should have. Tasteless cold subs. Watery, ketchupy tomato sauce. Garden salad had one tiny plum tomato and two onion slices. The rest was lettuce. Ask for plastic utensils or you're out of luck. This may work for college kids but anyone who knows their stuff would know better and avoid this hole.", 1, 1], "JbxOOMD6r9bhgg4GcXJjHA": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "10/19/2015", "Monster proportions little pricey! But great food!!!!!!'", 5, 0], "RYsDc8PK3PXjz82LluFRKA": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "9/28/2015", "Great place for Pizza and Calzones. The pricing is reasonable and they deliver what more could you ask for. We also sampled the chicken parm platter that was huge with pasta and a salad. Almost right across the street from Ithaca college. We will be back.", 5, 3], "Vh6n2mly9ahpEbx-bWu5_g": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "5/2/2015", "I'm sorry I don't live in Ithaca. ..This place epitomizes the \" shop small\" ad age. Great Customer service...you can tell it's family run, cause they care and know how to do bussiness. I also walked in the cafe next door and admired that as well, but will try tommorrow. ..great meatball parm..tommorrow will try canzone or white pie. If tour in town for college (Ithaca) , make a left and go up the hill a block instead of down...", 5, 0], "L1RVFitfGswV0dUneVCt9g": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "10/19/2014", "great little joint, we had a fabulous greek salad and an order of wings for lunch yesterday. friendliest bunch of people you can imagine. guys, you lost one star - i'd have given you five - because no one behind the counter was wearing head gear yet i saw plenty of long hair, fortunately no hair found its way into our food. mind your health practices!", 4, 0], "vol1B900h9MFJRqPax4yuQ": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "3/8/2014", "This place has, in my opinion, the best wings in Ithaca! Their pizza is also mouth-watering. They are realistic on their wait times when you call in an order and the service is incredibly friendly and welcoming.We come here at least once a week and will continue to do so. They are our go-to pizza place!", 5, 0], "QeNfyGC9-mtHoeSLyFslpQ": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "1/25/2014", "I was reluctant at first because of the look of the place and the totally boring name. But I'll tell you what, I was so excited about this pizza that I had to write this immediately. In fact, I'm eating their pizza as i write this and it is amazing. I didn't give this five stars because quite frankly I'm a pizza snob and it isn't quite as good as say classic trenton style like DeLorenzo's tomato pie in Robinsville NJ which will make your head explode. So it isn't quite as good as that because it' totally different but I have been living in Ithaca for over a year and I have been trying desperately to find awesome pizza and I've finally found it. Their sauce is on top which for some reason I think makes the texture very crispy on the outside but soft and gooey on the inside. I had a reg pizza with sausage and fresh mushrooms and all their ingredients seem quality and good, especially their sauce. Honestly it really reminds me of that really good pizza that you would find on a beach boardwalk that you go to every year when you go to the ocean. For Ithaca I'm giving it five stars but overall I'm giving it 4 stars just because I've had better pizza one time or another in my life. I recommend the pizza and the ICO fries. Don't pass this place up if you're in Ithaca and want pizza!", 4, 0], "QmMHNEseQC7o06_Kxb7YoA": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "4/11/2013", "I always hear about this place but never got a chance to visit until this year. After my first visit, I could not stop ordering from ICO. I love everything on the menu but so far my favorite is the Flying Squirrel hot sub. With chicken and philly cheesesteak on fresh bread, its just too good to be true. Compared to other pizza places in Ithaca, you can choose your own sauces, their blue cheese is homemade and you feel like family when you go here as the Salino family is welcoming and always get to know their customers.", 5, 1], "C4ZyAQDPBz-shC7CFWwj7w": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "3/5/2013", "Used ICO for a Italian dinner for 75 people at out hotel. WOW!! Food was outstanding and plenty of it! Great homemade ravioli, penne, garlic bread, salad and roast beef. The team loved it and will definitely use them again , highly recommend this family run restaurant...thank you so much!", 5, 1], "Hh30opoqvaxpA42OQYTTcw": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "1/21/2013", "I love this place I go about 3 times a week sometimes twice a day to eat. All the food here is great and they have really good lunch specials every day on pizza. They have the best pizza in ithaca for sure and have good subs as well. The people are always nice and say hi and thank you every time you come and go.", 5, 1], "3UgpDoYYXqgYANktoeefKA": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "3/1/2009", "It is easy to miss this jewel tucked away discretely on the side of the road. Don't let the decor fool you, this place is family run and run right. Come here for the pizza and leave with a smile on your face. Order a slice, trust me you won't need two. The slices are quarter pizzas themselves and a steal at two bucks a piece! Order the pepperoni and you won't be disappointed, it is covered! And if you eat in the fountain soda is free!", 4, 3], "Iwe6PAvAxR9419mECPRo_Q": ["Yelp", "Italian Carry Out", "2/13/2009", "Right down the road from Ithaca College (IC) lies a little Ithaca gem. The people there are very service oriented and friendly. The pizza is crunchy when you get it with eggplant. They make fresh food, salads, etc. My family and I go up there often. In the summer you can sit outside. The prices and value are outstanding.Unlimited soft Drinks come with the food!", 4, 4]}
{"R9tUXE2bwWLj7AYJagZO7g": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "12/25/2018", "This place has been so, so for some time now and I had probably one of the off putting experiences the other night. After paying and and leaving a cash tip, a waitress whom didn't even serve me, came over and asked if my experience was positive. After looking confused and saying yeah; waited a while for me drink but whatever, she processed to announce to the entire table \"well you didn't leave a tip so I wanted to see what was up with that\". Now feeling very embarrassed in front of my party I told her I left cash to which she replied I didn't see any there. The fact that there was even this conversation but that she needed to have it in front of my party is just down right disrespectful and annoying. Totally get that you're living off these tips but not only did I tip in cash but I also tipped 30% because of the holidays. Let's just say I will not be going back any time soon.", 1, 1], "40QrEBIR-XS_t3DhTX4DAQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "11/10/2018", "Lovely vibe, peaceful and a nice hangout place. I like that it's not loud but still has an energetic feel to it.", 5, 0], "Yow_Fbl4t-QDW6SO-gnJvw": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "10/22/2018", "Great cocktails, nice atmosphere. They have a fully stocked bar and are willing to make adjustments to taste. The space is charming and vibrant. Will definitely return.", 5, 0], "nMKQAcoiB4MmnMsovmoBbQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "10/13/2018", "Love it or hate it, it is unique. Their goal is to keep it full but not crowded. I can't say I have ever been to another bar that had that policy. We were a party of 6 who tried to enter the bar around 10. We were provided with 10% off coupons because the wait was long. We returned later with 4 people and got in. The guy told us he couldn't guarantee us 4 seats. Which surprised me because I never expect seats at a bar. People stuff notes in the wall for you to take out and read. The cocktails were good. I enjoyed the bubbles section of the menu. The decor was nice!", 3, 0], "FO_WQ9_aOtSSUJB_UIm9ww": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "9/10/2018", "This is a wonderful place, and absolutely my go-to bar in Ithaca now. The cocktails, their specialty, are delicious (and thankfully tend not to go for much more than $9 - try the perennial favorite maple tinged Toronto, or one of the fruitier sippers), they do a nice hot toddy during the winter that's not on the menu, and when it gets cold they wrap their teapots (yes, you can also sit here sipping tea or coffee) in adorable sweaters. The service tends to be very attentive - as even the negative reviews acknowledge - when they get around to you, which never takes that long. Note the negative reviews tend to be down on the Watershed for not being the kind of spot you can bring a huge group of people and make a lot of noise. That's because it's a quiet bar that's best for small gatherings or even reading/working alone (note the lending library). It was definitely an overdue addition to the Ithaca bar scene when it opened - grad students in particular seem to enjoy it - and the people who want a college or townie bar experience have almost all the other drinking establishments in Ithaca at their disposal.The Watershed does tend to get kind of popular on weekend nights even with small groups, and there can be bouncers posted to ensure it doesn't fill up too much. I've rarely had to wait at their behest, though, and on those occasions have usually found it a better environment as a result of keeping the crowds away once I've gotten inside.", 5, 1], "x23bOoWGREEjoS-5IGTRPA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "8/18/2018", "The one star is 100% for the EXCELLENT bartender. The bar itself is fine if you are a very quiet party of 1 or 2. Otherwise, skip this place entirely. The owner does not want the business of any larger parties...just keep walking down the street to any number of better bars on the street.", 1, 1], "YNrle00BzL38IwCnsfWDNg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "8/18/2018", "The bartender was nice. The owner was a needlepointing judge with bangs who turned away my sixteen person bachelorette party. We were laughing and having drinks and she was offended by our existence. She made two comments to us when we decided not to spend our money there. Several people in our party have a long history in the service industry and we were highly offended. We will not recommend this place to anyone.", 1, 0], "uWDpdxYEk6Pc6GdxsYPkMg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "8/18/2018", "Brought 15 girls when they opened at 4 pm for drinks before dinner somewhere else in Ithaca. The bartender was fantastic, recommending drinks and accommodating the large group. The owner sat at the bar crocheting and asking us to keep it down. No laughing too loud. Ridiculous. After the 3rd comment, we left. Won't return. There was one other 2 top in the whole place so we weren't bothering anyone.", 1, 1], "aVGQjuP5GlPEc32nf4cHAA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "8/5/2018", "I love this place! Snacks are great, drinks are delicious and the whole thing is not too overpriced. The owners and bartenders are lovely and very helpful in making a decision. Ambience is very relaxed and not too noisy, even in the weekend.", 5, 0], "LjKwOuuP4FA0BsPs4tJZWw": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "5/20/2018", "Really cool vibes at this place! I come here to study during the day and drink in the evenings... both the coffee and beer selections are on point. Service is great too. The only reason I give this 4 stars is because it can be tricky to find parking and at first it was hard for me to find the venue because the sign is small and dimly lit. Otherwise would recommend visiting at any time of the day, the staff is also very friendly with \"Ithaca-an\" vibes!", 4, 0], "abMhPLBDf4aQbyNYpaMg9w": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "4/8/2018", "Came with a group of friends and the owner was incredibly nasty, scowling and glaring the whole time. DO NOT GO HERE", 1, 0], "ob3oGHzPMY7VOVGA9FXZbA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "4/7/2018", "The service was horrible. Owners rude and nasty to our group because we were \"too loud\" even though we were the only ones in the establishment in the late afternoon. Just mean and nasty. Do not go to this place.", 1, 1], "V_l_QZ9HZSpsVoz4Og1WKg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "3/8/2018", "WE LOVE THIS PLACE. super friendly bartenders and has that great hipster vibe. we go back frequently. the drinks are delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for dates or a big group.", 5, 1], "MpYDP71k3Hbc8d6YpCJGqg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "2/28/2018", "I've been looking for a bar to be my regular spot since moving to Ithaca 5 years ago, and with The Watershed, I've finally found it. I enjoy their drinks, the atmosphere, and their lovely book selection. Being able to choose either alcoholic beverages or tea sets The Watershed apart. There really are few place where a mixed group of drinkers and non-drinkers can happily go together. The service has been stellar, whether I know what I want or if I need a little guidance. Plus, they have the Cheeky Monkey Dipping sauce to go with bread and cheeses. Getting to snack as I sip makes it all the better.", 5, 1], "GsK0PcWAN03PNxc6fnBrWA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "2/18/2018", "I love coming to the watershed after the coffee shops are closed. Their tea selection is great and affordable not at the expense of the atmosphere. The exposed brick walls and clean interior give the sensation of a living novel, a feeling buttressed by shelves of books and flyers forlocal information. The lighting is a bit dim for someone with bad eyesight to read in but it is a bar after all and the mood is right with the current lighting.", 5, 0], "B13SmiZsY49hkj14uFauGw": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "2/12/2018", "One of my favorite spots in town. Ithaca has long been overdue for a cozy spot like this to grab a drink with friends and not be inundated with college students. The cocktails are pretty straightforward, but consistently hit the spot. Ambiance is equally straightforward, not trying too hard to be one way or another, just cozy and just right. I especially appreciate the bars sustainability ethos. Well done!", 5, 4], "F8iLpzW7vGnUqLZIR2Kvaw": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "2/4/2018", "The only bar in Ithaca I enjoy going to. The Watershed has a cool atmosphere, decent cocktails for a reasonable price, friendly bartenders, no TVs, and it's usually quiet enough to carry on a conversation. A nice change from most of the characterless pubs around Ithaca.", 4, 4], "ORfhwO-RJtP3lFwawpfWpg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "1/3/2018", "I don't know what people are drinking that they think the cocktails are good. They aren't. The bar is run according to an ethic of not wasting resources, and therefore there is (among other problems) no citrus at all and very little ice. This is virtue signaling, not politics, and produces an exceptionally weak cocktail menu. There's nothing wrong with this \"ecological\" stance, but it's not what I look for in a cocktail bar. The decor goes out of its way to be crazy ugly. Hard to believe it wasn't designed to be alienating. The whole thing goes to so much trouble to be so unfortunate. Positives: the wine and beer are pretty good, the staff is nice, the location is good, and the normal-height tables are not uncomfortable (of which I think there are two or three). I like the snacks and the vibe and the fact they have tea and you can go in during the day. It's a popular hangout for grad students.", 3, 1], "40WuIOLbdURo3f_9MyuGeA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "11/27/2017", "Officially my favorite bar in Ithaca. They have a nice range of drinks available, good beer, and a really stellar selection of hot teas. The Watershed is different from other bars, because it's full of adults having conversations at reasonable levels, not full of drunk people shouting.", 5, 1], "M89hxGXgOnJ4ViwxlADEtQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "11/22/2017", "This place, just no...the drinks are not good and neither is the food. Despite my insisting we not return, I've been here 3 times with friends. The most recent time I ordered from the eats menu. I got the Watershed Sammy. I'm not sure this can count as an \"eat\" or an \"edible\" or a \"food\". I watched as the woman behind the counter grabbed a premade sandwich from the fridge. Unwrapped it and slapped it on my plate. The bread was so hard it made the rest of the \"sandwich\" inedible. My friends laughed as I attempted to bite into the rock hard baguette. I gave up after two tries. $5 in the trash. I also think their drinks are trash. Watery, and overpriced for the quality.", 2, 2], "gzfUh4eXGkIPv3UkuAMmXA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "11/20/2017", "Amazing cocktails and great service (read some other reviews but we go here a lot and I've always loved the staff!). They are really committed to sustainability which we love. No paper menus, real emphasis on local products, and small details like the way they've designed their business to handle ice and citrus - be sure to ask someone if you are in to the green stuff!Highly recommend any of the whiskey based cocktails. Come here and read by yourself, grab tea with someone who avoid alcohol, or catch a few rounds of boozy somethings with your team. We love this place because it's great for whoever we're with.", 5, 2], "XyH_EO-HTeKJdWDv18phgg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "10/8/2017", "Chill loungy bar cafe. An awesome place to have some wine, meet friends or just do some work. I highly recommend it.", 5, 0], "oPwYcZiIuObHvCWWYxTQCw": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "10/6/2017", "The staff at the door was extremely unprofessional while I approached the Watershed for the first time. It seems like a nice cozy atmosphere, however I was extremely turned off by the service and left immediately.", 1, 1], "HOCjv6l1XT6FyNZZnpc5qg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "9/18/2017", "Great chill bar if you want to hang out. Drinks are fantastic. The bartenders are very great at helping you find a drink. Beautiful surroundings.", 5, 1], "sht2FDWoSTfOfYvcU3ekEA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "7/17/2017", "Great drinks! The Whiskey champagne cocktail is my favorite. The downside to this place is the food options. I believe I saw toast or crostini with jam and other spreads on the menu, but almost nothing else. I get that they may not have a full kitchen but when was the last time you wanted a cocktail and toast?", 3, 0], "afCGbfzm0FCV8qoh0-c0FQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "7/7/2017", "Nice place, but they have the worst service in the entire Ithaca area. Rude bartender (male) and bad drinks", 1, 5], "MIpBMqdGep5jPH4MHQg-fQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "6/26/2017", "Great place for a drink and conversation. Service was fast and personable, and the selection of beer, wine, and spirits surely has something for everyone (at a great price, too). Snacks are the perfect size, definitely get the cheeky monkey spread. The bar is beautiful and definitely worth an hour or two after dinner.", 5, 0], "hB3umQZ5_gjPMZLH5cR0dQ": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "6/17/2017", "First off I would love to eloquently propose an ambiguous review based (and not bias) upon a certain individual that has made my experience (mind me- it has been my favorite little niche within Ithaca, great atmosphere and stellar mixology- best bartender is Dave and also another co-owner) ever so unpleasant. The one co owner of this bar, a woman by the name of Ashley, has made my life a living joke and has invaded my privacy- including publicly embarrassing me in front of the entire crowd. She had not only harassed me with a morose and vulgar language/attitude in front of other customers as well as my entire presence within the establishment. My eyes began to well up as she spoke and clearly retorted to quit the tears and pretty much told me to get out of her face. I saw her again at another establishment in Ithaca where she proceeded to verbally assault me outside of the professionalism (absolutely horrendous) and brought up matters of my fiscal arrangements. This is the most lovely bar- so do not get me wrong. The one owner, Ashley, is an absolute horror and do not ever bother speaking to her or getting on her bad side for she will absolutely make your life a living hell for no apparent reason and bring the \"drama\" to other places in town if you should so unfortunately encounter her. Honestly I could call the police for verbal assault, worst experience since moving here to Ithaca.", 1, 4], "E3LPbbUIRBiAVvgeC_FB8Q": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "6/13/2017", "The Watershed is a great and necessary addition to the commons bar scene. It's a good place to have a drink with some friends or a date without the occasional belligerent college mess that tends to overcome the commons past a certain hour. Not a bad place to get a drink before a show at the State Theater right next door either. Many options of cocktails, beer, wine, as well as a variety of teas and coffee.", 5, 1], "XL__jHUHM61AYzyI6o3gxg": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "6/11/2017", "Fell upon the Watershed during Ithaca Fest and wish I found it sooner. Great atmosphere! Fantastic beer and cocktail selection! Excited to have another option for bar scene in Ithaca. For folks traveling through or visiting the area, check it out.", 5, 1], "rEfmR4CHuFK4cDW3Hy2hmA": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "3/11/2017", "Simply put, this is an outstanding addition to the Ithaca Commons bar scene. It's a light, easy place to sit and have a few drinks at, whether you enjoy a unique cocktail or a locally-brewed beer from a microbrewery. The atmosphere is what's sold me on this place. It's quiet but lively; the decor is subtle yet vibrant. Nothing is overdone. It feels like a speakeasy in the 20's. The tables are real wood and have an authentic feel. Everything seems new, yet comfortable. The bartenders were friendly and accommodating as far as our lack of intense beer knowledge went when asking for a recommendation. There's a wonderful \"lending library\" lining a few of the walls (some great reads too, for my fellow literature nerds). It adds to the aesthetic, though I didn't have the courage to take a book home with me. If you're looking to expand your beer palate, they carry a Bacchus Brewing Fly South WPA that I enjoyed immensely. I'm not sure how long it'll be available, but it's a grapefruit-infused ale that sips full and deep. We tried an Irish Stout from Bandwagon that we didn't like as much, but it was worth trying. The one drawback is that the place isn't massive. We had some trouble finding a table, and had to share one with two other couples. It's not bad, as it forced us to meet others, but... not always ideal. This was a Thursday night around 9:00, so a relatively busy time, and I would imagine this isn't always the case. They give you nice wine bottles full of water with your drinks, a nice quirk. We'll be coming back, sooner rather than later. I'd recommend The Watershed to friends.", 5, 2], "7nnFDcdA_mW-u4u-99Zc4Q": ["Yelp", "The Watershed", "2/11/2017", "Just tried The Watershed for the first time and can't wait to go back! Loved the casual but fun atmosphere. Serves a variety of delicious cocktails as well as coffee and tea and small bites. Perfect for catching up with friends and catching up on some reading! All around lovely place. A welcome addition to the Ithaca downtown scene. They also are low waste which is wonderful.", 5, 2]}
{"HsZjww7iWEWJ0dtRxsa9vg": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/26/2018", "Walked here last night with my wife. I have lived in Ithaca for 16 years and have tried every pizza place I could think of in town. I was always sad that there was nowhere in town to get a good pizza. Not really at least. Always too expensive and too American. Just not pizza. Last night we had a medium pizza with hot peppers (banana peppers so not crazy hot) and a soda. It was the best pizza we have had in town by a factor 1000. The gentleman who made it was the very definition of hospitality. He made it carefully, brought it to us with joy and waited a little bit around to make sure it was to our liking. He came back a few minutes later with two more glasses of soda and confident we were having a blast left us alone to finish our meal. The crust was perfectly cooked, not greasy, nicely colorer underneath yet moist on the inside, the peppers were delicious, the cheese perfect. Man it was a gift.The entire meal was $15! We walked back home as happy as one can be after a meal. We slept wonderfully and this morning woke up feeling light and hungry. I always wait until the next day to fully examine a meal. Ned, your pizza is amazing. We will be back often. That's for sure!", 5, 0], "_9SzSo3yN9O7SPoVAq2q5Q": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "7/28/2018", "Ned's pizza has been going downhill over the last year or two. Have ordered from them several times and found that the \"20-25 minutes\" is never accurate. Twice they hadn't even put the order in the oven when I got there (20-25 minutes after ordering), and once they had completely forgotten I had even placed the order. I've noticed a lot of this has happened when Ned is not there, as the young guys who work there don't seem to work with any sense of urgency or care for the customers. I'm not asking for too much - just serve the pizza in the time you tell me on the phone and pay better attention to your work, guys.", 1, 0], "D5iU5j5TdhGXTJY1aRj9ww": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "7/8/2018", "We found this pizza place by googling cheap eats in Ithaca NY, we were visiting for the day hiking the Gorges. And we were starving, we ordered a 18' cheese and pepperoni and wing special. It was the best pizza and wings we have had in a long time!! Place was clean and had some beautiful art work on the walls. If your looking good service and a friendly atmosphere this is not the place. Good pizza but no service with a smile..", 5, 0], "8g5MeuSsIAFWcxfla3ZgZA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "1/25/2018", "Ned himself delivered the pizza, was incredibly patient and super nice. The pizza was delivered hot and on time. Delicious pizza, thin crust and not too greasy. Great service and food!", 5, 0], "STQrpMIohy6KFmqnZvBoSA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "10/28/2017", "Located in a strip mall in an out of the way corner. Stopped in to grab a couple slices for a late lunch. The Pies had been sitting out for a little bit, but after a quick trip into the oven, they were still quite tasty. NY Style thin crust always makes me happy. The downside to this dining experience was the older gentleman working there. Slow doesn't even begin to describe him. It actually became comical. There are sloths somewhere saying, 'Dude, get going!!' If I was still an Ithaca resident, this would be some worthwhile take out even if Mr Slow Motion was working.", 3, 1], "VUS1YOkCY5tR4zM4o4G_Mg": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "9/26/2017", "Ned's Pizza, man. I hated Ithaca, but I swear I would have taken all of this pizza with me forever if I could have. Truly the best pizza I've ever had. I hear people have issues a lot with delivery, so I would recommend just picking it up. I never had any issues, the owner was always super friendly and the pizza hot and fresh as can be. If I'm ever in upstate New York again, I will 110% be stopping for pizza from this place.", 5, 0], "JFBFg-DnVlBwFsnSG-ao8w": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/25/2017", "cold food, only got half of my order and I would call the garlic knots , \" the un garlic know\" over priced for sure !anyplace else is better .", 1, 0], "vBJIwaBDA1SIR685xONQ7g": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/22/2017", "Regular stopping place for lunch. The place will be packed with people at noon on weekdays. Ned usually has 10-12 pizza choices out during that time for a quick turn around to get your favorite slice. $5-6 for 2 slices and a soda which is typical in this town. Friendly service as well. It is tucked in the back corner of the parking lot. Enjoy", 5, 0], "9FQpocPUxAmrC7cR1nMQLQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/12/2017", "The pizza here was great, and you can't beat the price on the garlic knots. The order was ready quickly after we placed it, and the pizza was hot and very tasty. It was a great place for takeout pizza, and the interior was cute as well.", 4, 1], "jKWTGl77kBsp00LcHZKBRw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "3/5/2017", "Haters gonna hate this place rocks. Ned is a pizza wizard and his garlic knots are amazing. Great service and very clean.", 5, 0], "AqXvphD3Ebzm66p_MLZekQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "2/7/2017", "A delicious pizza with very friendly staff. The crust is a tasty and crisp, but still not overcooked on the inside. The ratio of crust to sauce to toppings is perfect. You can never go wrong with a slice from here. As well, the other good served is worth price, and being the it's relatively cheap price for the high quality food your getting, it's absolutely worth it.", 5, 1], "1JD5lSgPrw-636rGtP2hVA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "9/22/2016", "Awesome pizza, but don't be fooled by the open until 9pm advertisement. Stopped in for a slice a little after 8pm and was not treated very well. The guy made me feel like I should not have gone in and I was bothering him. He reluctantly gave me a slice.", 3, 0], "lVcZ6rnAGWIrlGJ75WcyMg": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/26/2016", "I ordered take-out from Ned's Pizza on Sunday, 08-21-16, after scanning online for the nearest pizza places. The website was outdated (no online ordering) but still functional, so I decided to order Special #9 (18\" cheese, 10 wings, 2-liter, extra toppings $2.25 each). The young guy on the phone was knowledgeable and efficient at taking my order and stated that 1-topping could be half-pepperoni and half-pineapple, so I went with that.When I arrived to pick up my order, an older gentleman was running the register. He looked like he hadn't showered or generally cared about basic human hygiene. When I told him I ordered Special #9, he rudely said they didn't have that only to be corrected by one of the younger employees in the back. He then proceeded to randomly charge me $26.99 (tax included) since he clearly didn't know that such special existed. I tried calculating how he arrived at that price with regular menu prices but couldn't, so I do not know how he did it. My meal should've only cost me $24.02 ($19.99 + $2.25 + 8% tax), but I knew mentioning this mistake would only further upset and confuse the incompetent and senile cashier.Lastly, when I signed my credit card but didn't leave a tip, my girlfriend later told me that the cashier openly sighed and shot us a look a disappointment, as if he deserved a tip for taking 30 seconds to overcharge us 12% on our meal.Bottom Line: Calculate your total before you pay and make sure this guy doesn't overcharge you. I will never go back even though the food was good due to the extremely poor impression I received from the cashier.", 1, 3], "x8HAakP4zRbn8EorsI3glg": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/17/2016", "Got dough from this pizzaria for a homemade-style pizza recipe and the dough could not have been more perfect! We were worried that the dough might not have tasted right because we're from NYC but we will be back for more because it was fantastic!", 5, 1], "6hllUzvdgOmxZcA3fHJZ1w": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "6/17/2016", "Dropped in after a flight to Ithaca. Excellent slice of pizza. Was very pleased. Friendly staff as well, but that pizza, wow. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who wants to buy a few slices or a sandwich.", 5, 0], "KnMJmQakvRTgYByNw572xw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "6/5/2016", "The staff was very nice but unfortunately the Pizza was not good think it's the crust just not good sorry.", 2, 0], "Ee8JddWkSTMADpVNJW7Miw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "4/22/2016", "Very upset with my experience here! Called from a nearby hotel and 1) was denied delivery. 2) messed up my order for PLAIN pasta (put cheese on- i'm lactose intolerant and vegan) 3) wouldn't answer their phone when i called at 8:30 from the hotel to let know of the order mix up 4) finally got order switched (but with no refund) and a pissed off attitude from the server when we came to tell him he messed up the order 5) noticed there were 5 workers and no customers yet they still decided to not pick up a ringing phone. Will not be coming back.", 1, 0], "qns0ce47Wn2qasQcBqYwMw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "9/20/2015", "NY Pizzeria is truly life changing, but if you don't want to go al the way to Trumansburg, Neds is the best pizza in Ithaca, by far. Tastes the most like a real NY slice. Decent middle eastern bites as well. Only thing wrong with Neds is that when they get too busy they simply don't pick up the phone. Maybe get an answering machine - just out of politeness - that says \"we're not taking orders at the moment, sorry for the inconvenience!\"", 4, 1], "JXvMZTdDBVrJucMklxer0w": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "9/19/2015", "Love the neighborhood vibe, full of local families. The pizza is really variable, sometimes it is 4 star and sometimes it is 2 stars. I feel like it is a pizza lottery.", 3, 0], "R003SvqaXGaxs3Xvul9reQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/24/2015", "Ned's is fantastic. Very clean, fine quality of food, quick service. Ned has a great team of workers who keep the food flying out.I work next door to Ned's and have become well acquainted; I eat there at least twice a week every week. They're totally consistent! I am totally hooked on the crust! When I have my grandson with me, they cut the pizza into little pieces for him. Love it!", 5, 0], "NOciy3u6LLrMOrnUi8l-eA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/22/2015", "We ordered food from here when we were staying at a hotel nearby. We originally wanted to get delivery, but had to opt for pick-up. Here is why. Although they say they deliver, when we called (from very close by), they said they didn't deliver on Sundays, then they implied that they only deliver to Cornell. However, when pressed because we were even closer to them than Cornell, the person who answered the phone said that the owner does the deliveries and when the owner decides not to come in, there are no deliveries. We got the impression this happens randomly, likely every week. I find this a tad bit lazy (just hire a delivery driver!) and also misleading. If your website says you deliver, you should deliver! This is why they get three stars and not higher.The food, however (once we picked it up), was really good! We got a pizza with extra cheese, a side salad, and chicken tenders. Everything was cooked well. The pizza cheese, sauce, and crust were so delicious. The chicken tenders had a light breading, and the chicken was not overcooked (a problem I've had at other places). The salad was fresh but nothing amazing.Overall, I might order from here again if we were close by, but not if we wanted delivery.", 3, 1], "MAvEUux9MpIMKBJAVj628g": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "5/8/2015", "This is one of my most fav pizza house so far in Ithaca, I feel like, I lived here long time but just discovered this place by accident. But very impressed in the end.I like their pizza, they are really paid attention to make pizza, you can see and tell from the ingredient and how well their prepared.I like all kind of pizza, sphaghetti, chicken wings and gyoros are what I recommended.All staffs are very nice, cool and friendly. So far I went back and recommended to everyone.I try to ordered for take out one time, but they did not do take out, then we had to droved to pick up instead, but we're fine with that. Yummie!!", 5, 1], "TBhkoluQc1LXV-6brBtk7w": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "1/17/2015", "Excellent NY style thin crust pizza, especially for the price. Tasty thin crust and juicy wings. Great place!", 5, 0], "QXyF3zU7k_6oyXa5cqJkIQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "12/15/2014", "Ned seems like a pretty cool guy--he answered the phone and took our order for take-out. We got there about six minutes after the time he quoted us. \"You're late!\" he teased...or maybe he wasn't teasing? It was dead-pan, but we took it well.Since we took it to go, I can't comment much on anything else but the pizza itself: damn good NYC style pizza that left us wishing we had ordered a second pie, just so we could taste more of it. We got a basic cheese and it was absolutely perfect.Just, y'know, don't keep Ned waiting. The food's worth burning the roof of your mouth on scalding hot cheese for.", 4, 1], "eU_4ZJilJidKH5E6PM6lDw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/20/2014", "I agree with other reviewers - you'll love the atmosphere and staff. Ned is extremely friendly and everyone works really hard. The pizza is good and I would recommend trying the buffalo chicken salad or a chicken Caesar salad - both are excellent and healthy!", 4, 1], "a8i8kAbG4stQqquYbJZVsQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "4/4/2014", "Just walking into Ned's will make you smile when the owner greets you. The pizzas are very fresh and delicious. The place is very clean and bright. Enjoy the dialog the owner has taking orders over the phone as well as with walk ins - it could be a sitcom episode. Nice spot for a pizza!", 4, 2], "xWNOAdupPjhM2CX5Mpya8Q": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "12/21/2013", "Just stopped in at Neds for the first time. We kept it simple and tried a half cheese and pepperoni pie and it was very good! It's in a nice little area and the employee at the counter was very nice! We will def be back!", 4, 0], "tnq8Q9I8UzI00rOpjCX6qA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/3/2013", "Closest thing to NYC pizza in Ithaca. It's a cute place for lunch, w great hot subs and specials.", 4, 0], "EFMFV66E94TOiWbVwOiCfA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "8/2/2013", "This is my favorite pizza place. The pizza selection is large for walk-in orders. Slices are reheated in the oven and develop a nice crunchy crust as a result. Even if you get the last slice of a pizza that has been out for a while it tastes really great. Of course super fresh slices are a lot better. Price is not bad. 2 cheese slices and a drink is $4.50 and 2 specialty slices and a drink is $5.50. There is seating for those that want to eat-in. Tables are always clean and there are a decent number of them. As far as the pizza goes, the fresh taste paired with the crisp crust make Ned's my favorite pizza place. The owner is also a super charismatic man that makes your whole experience a little bit brighter!!", 5, 4], "PXtn_0bM3bZLfg-ldY5EnQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "7/5/2013", "I was going to give Ned's three stars, until I saw that means \"A ok!\" What I really want to say is \"Meh. I've experienced better,\" so two stars it is, even though that seems a bit mean.I ordered the spinach/feta/olive pizza for takeout. The crust is indescribable--not really crispy, not really chewy, just really...flat. More like lavash, actually, than pizza crust. Not terrible, but not exactly what I was looking for in a pizza. (Maybe I should've tried a basic cheese pie?) Ned's is very conveniently located for me, so I may try their other dishes, but I won't be going back for pizza.", 2, 1], "dH7e0m2BhtzDQgmQwWCvZQ": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "6/25/2013", "As far as pizza goes, in my opinion, Ned's is the best in town. I especially like the Lebanese Cheese, its a nice change from regular orders like pepperoni. I will not comment on their chicken wings, however, as I have really high standards in that department.", 5, 2], "iu1Emo2ar51hp5wVa92PYA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "4/16/2013", "I stopped in after seeing Ned's on Yelp. I can imagine that Ned's has the best pizza in Ithica, but if you are not from Ithica, you might want a little more. I will concur with others that it was cheap and convenient. I had a slice of pizza, a soda, and some wings for only $11. The pizza might have been slightly old, but it was what I expected. The wings were on the drier side, but I thought they were better than I expected.", 3, 0], "yCxbPGrgI-yz_XpmgSspMw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "6/3/2012", "Ned's Pizza features a homemade, thin crust, full flavored tasty tomato sauce, and the usual gamut of toppings to choose from. A local favorite, their pizza is well likedy by everyone from kids to adults. They got my vote for going above and beyond when the owner himself made a delivery on an extremely busy night \"because there was no way the delivery boy was going to get to it for quite a while.\" Thank you Ned-you saved the night for this busy family party!", 4, 0], "lTP0rLcXeYlGVlKouhBIZw": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "10/12/2011", "I am a pizza kind of guy. Love pizza. I have even had pizza in Naples Italy! Ned's Pizza is the best tasting pizza in Ithaca. I have tried just about all other places. Great crust, wide selection and reasonable pricing.", 5, 5], "uE3aJst9bKU45pZhOsZHdA": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "5/11/2011", "The pizza is very good, it has a nicely charred thin crust and the toppings are quite fresh. They also have many good deals all day long, including, 2 cheese slices 6 wings and a soda for $7, make them gourmet slices for $8, or ditch the wings for $5. I would highly recommend them for lunch but for dinner their slices get kind of stale. Their wings are also not very good, dry and tough as far as wings are concerned.A lot of my lady friends go here after they get their hair done at the salon next door. I guess nothing goes with a classy hairdo like a slice of greasy pizza and a coke ;). What a day of indulgence right, forget the spa go to Ned's.", 3, 2], "khSXlZyLjBia2LBYVk_Mwg": ["Yelp", "Ned\u2019s Pizza", "10/24/2010", "Ned's Pizza is one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca. Their lunch specials are AMAZING (2 slices and a drink for $5!). I love their eggplant parmigiana pizza with the slices of fluffy fresh mozzarella on it. Their pizzas are exceptional and you can tell that they put a lot of love into making pizza.", 5, 1]}
{"YUn6jj0FMaxkPZUv1MdPmg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "11/10/2018", "This is my favorite pizza place! Orders are always on time, prices are reasonable and the pizza and wings are delicious.", 5, 0], "B-Yt0OtgEkjx28-4IEA1QA": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "11/2/2018", "They've got a great slice. The lunch special with two slices and a drink is a great deal. Friendly service, cool atmosphere. I dig it. If you're in the neighborhood around lunch and you want pizza, you can't go wrong.", 5, 0], "XLzhB43XozogC9dk-dTe3Q": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "7/21/2018", "Probably the best pizza I ever had. The atmosphere isn't much, but the beer and the pizza are spectacular in my opinion.", 5, 0], "EUpP0C67oAvH09-m4Ur-iQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "4/17/2018", "An hour and a half passed by and still no pizza. I called them twice and they said in 10 minutes. Wow are you serious.", 1, 0], "2QQ6qVDoU4ugO6kS4syBLg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "11/4/2017", "Ordered Saturday night special from grub hub- a large pizza dozen wings, Soooooo yummy. food was perfect. delivery was quick. best. pizza. ever.", 5, 0], "dNORv56HaaGRmcuEkVi3sw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "9/12/2017", "I love the pizza and the peanut butter stout!! The service is really slow so be prepared to be there for a while. Other than the slow service, the food is worth the wait.", 5, 0], "hynoj4aXh5ijwrv6Xm8XIg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "7/20/2017", "Gotten worse over the past couple of years. We were overcharged and when questioned the charge the cashier argued with my husband. We got home with our food and we're extremely disappointed in the quality. A chicken wing pizza was made with dried out chicken breast, blue cheese dressing which had no blue cheese and was just mayonnaise, and no hot sauce. It was disgusting. Absolutely inedible. We called to complain about the overcharge and the quality of the pizza, mentioned that we have been customers of theirs for many years yet the manager on the phone argued with my husband about the price until my husband told him that I am looking at the menu online as they spoke. He was told that they cannot be held responsible for the menu online from their website and that the pizza was fine. Actually said that! After further back and forth my husband was finally offered a $2 credit towards our next purchase. My husband told them they will be no next purchase, left his name with them and told them he would be contacting the owners. Very, very disappointing customer service and food quality.", 1, 1], "ADwQWeCxHwpMot3GDEsrRQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "6/14/2017", "Another attempt, another fail. They tried to make a Chicken Philly sub THREE times. The first time I asked for no onion; came loaded with onion. Second attempt they sent a BEEF Philly sub. When I called back the guy on the phone didn't seem to care even a little it was wrong again. \"Want another one?\" That was all he could muster for a response.I called Steve at his expansion site and he was kind enough to look into the issue. I hate to call the owner of a Restaurant, but this was obviously not getting fixed. He mentioned his manager is on vacation so whoever that was on the phone was just an order-taker.", 1, 2], "60t0DUKWd6wKquk2hQoW8Q": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "12/13/2016", "The food isn't bad, but when ordering through EastStreet/Grubhub make sure you call them and make certain they read the order from the site properly. I ordered through Eatstreet and the confirmation email said delivery with an address, phone number, and instructions on how to contact me. I received no call, and the person I talked to when I called said they had it was labeled as \"Pickup\". Hopefully they'll respect my cancellation and refund my money.", 1, 1], "FePqMU2ScjjbXKdamfloLQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "12/1/2016", "Ok, so I have given them a few more tries...mostly out of convenience. I have not received another dried out air bubble pizza like before. However, one pattern that has persisted throughout, is that the pizzas always have 3 inches of big dough on the outside, then only 2-3 inches of actual pizza with sauce and toppings. It is so peculiar that they have not fixed this, as surely they must be aware of the problem! I mean, it can't be the same dude or dudette cooking every pizza I've ordered in the past two years. It's a systemic problem.It's quite tasty when you get a decent one. Good sauce. Puny toppings, though.Let's help them out. If you call and order a pizza, tell them to please spread the toppings to the crust! There's power in numbers. If enough of us speak out, we can change the world one pizza at a time!", 3, 0], "pcFtZJsuLjXRYny9a7kDmw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "11/23/2016", "Do NOT order their pizza! It comes BURNT! I called to have another one delivered (which I have never done) and they brought me ANOTHER burnt one. I called back and told the manager and even text him a picture. He called back and told me that's how their pizzas look! \"They're burnt Bc the sauce is exposed to the heat!\" REALLY?? This isn't my first pizza and I've never had anyone rub sauce on the crust and on top of the cheese so maybe that's the problem?! Also, my daughter was starving and took 2 bites out of one slice of the first pizza, before she realized she couldn't chew it Bc it was so rough...and the manager said, \"Well it looks like someone ate it.\" REALLY DUDE??!! Who says that? I worked in the restaurant business in the past, for over 20 years, and I would NEVER talk to a customer like that. Meanwhile, I tipped the delivery driver twice so I spent more on tipping than I did on the pizza and ended up having to make dinner myself at 8:00pm!! By the way, we ordered at 5:30 so it took 2 and a half hours to finally get our food...that we couldn't eat. NEVER will we order from there again!!!!! SO DISAPPOINTED!!!", 1, 0], "lkMPHKQe03Ru48CbUE_O6Q": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "5/11/2016", "There food is fine but if you want to have it delivered to you then don't hold your breath. I waited an hour and 45 minutes for 2 salads during the lunch hour. Also my office is a 5 minute drive from the restaurant. I should have just walked there to get the food but now I know better. Don't know if they are extremely busy during the lunch hour but it seems a little excessive to wait almost 2 hours for a couple of salads. Unfortunately won't be ordering from them again", 2, 1], "y7FtEOpJf46g_kj323TxIw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "8/16/2015", "The pizza is pretty good, we had an issue that deserves a 3. We ordered a pizza for delivery and it arrived in a timely manner. We decided to order another one, after we realized we didn't have enough. The order was placed at 630 for another delivery. We saw nothing by 745 so we called. Person on the phone said there was a pizza sitting there with just a number and no address. After a some discussion, the person said they would put a fresh one in the oven for us for delivery. No pizza by 915pm so we called again. Automated message said they we closed! They stop taking calls after 9pm!", 3, 2], "tTCsqGDVnVwbmD37W4uTyg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "6/5/2014", "I usually order a small or medium with pepperoni, hot peppers, and something else to pick up. Occasionally their orders back up but 8 times out of 10 it's ready by the time I get there- amazingly fast. The pizza itself is a few cuts above standard NY pizza and to my mind is the best in Ithaca. Great place to come and sit with the live music.", 5, 0], "DWMDV5qdKUDUsE7Zi8aBOA": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "5/27/2014", "Northeast Pizza lost our business tonight. Ordered two subs for take out. Not only was one not what we ordered, but it had some kind of bone inside that my husband almost chipped a tooth on. Never going there again.", 1, 0], "_h_VYZe48pNM1ZFSnOrBrQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "4/4/2014", "Appalling Quality Offered Without Conscience!!!I called in an order and went to the store to pick it up. It was presented to me with a straight face, unapologetically and without blinking -- but was such quality that should have been thrown into the garbage. My pizza was so clearly burnt and mangled that I cannot believe that anyone in business would present such a thing to a customer. I paid for it threw it in the garbage where it belonged.A merchant with such a low-level integrity should not be trusted.I will never spend another penny with them.", 1, 3], "0wGp4_ddUYkUeBRDgH6nAw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "2/22/2014", "I ordered delivery from here. Ordering the pizza was really easy on their site, but it took two entire hours for the pizza to get to my door. It was cold by the time it got to me so I had to microwave it. I probably shouldn't have tipped online, since obviously giving them something generous didn't help me out at all.I ordered a 16\" sausage pizza and an order of fries. The pizza was big enough to last several meals. To be fair to them, the pizza did taste pretty good. Their meat distribution across the slices could have been better since it seemed like most of the meat was put onto one side and only a few pieces were put on the other.The fries were a big disappointment though. They were cold and soggy since it took forever for them to deliver. I had to add a lot of salt since they were so flavorless.Sounds like this place provides a better experience at their actual location. Avoid delivery, or order from somewhere else.", 2, 1], "iM9wrKno-cov_fQ3WWCHcw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "1/11/2014", "Really good pizza and wings at a great price. The staff is friendly and the live music was good. The food came out very fast and I recommend ordering extra crispy wings. Recently bought pizza and wings from the nines and Northeast blew their food out of the water. I would urge anyone to eat at Northeast", 4, 2], "XzVBQJxLheY_b7_AKmZ-4g": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "8/29/2013", "Good pizza if you like dough. Just dough. Like you're making bread and you just want to try, just this once, to see what the dough tastes like, even though you totally know it's going to be weird and yeasty and unpleasant. The urge overtakes you and you try it and then you try it again with ketchup and some dehydrated astronaut cheese. It's like that. The giant cylinders behind the bar were nice, though!", 2, 0], "W8MoLZ92G-hnW368dMI65g": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "7/31/2013", "The pizza from here was pretty good. This is a cut above your typical New York Style pizza. The crust was good, soft and crunchy, the sauce wasn't overbearing and there was just the right amount, and the cheese was pretty good. The only reason I dock this a star is that the half that had sausage was covered in grease. The plain cheese side was great and the sausage was great, but we had to dab the grease off with a paper towel. Granted in the future we'd stay away from the sausage but we'd definitely go back. The prices are pretty decent too plus if you live in an Ithaca Apartment Management apartment you get 10% any size so that's even better.The wings were pretty good too, nothing to brag about but apparently they have an all you can eat wing night that I'd definitely stop by for sometime. Wouldn't go out of my way to have their wings though.Overall this place was pretty good, definitely one of the better places in Ithaca which is good.", 4, 1], "gbmqcL1QJJIthQjymckP_w": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "7/19/2013", "Came here one time and had the wings. They were good! I wouldn't say they were the best in Ithaca but far from the worst. Sorry for the boring review but it was a pretty basic experience. If I still lived here I would give it a go again for sure.", 3, 1], "8cXQZVcgJ7y7JWfutdMBWQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "6/5/2013", "Ordered two slices. Apparently there was a mixup in the kitchen, and somehow a couple slices got cooked twice. Understandable.Problem is, the manager/owner guy took one look at me, told me my slices were ready. He then plated a couple slices. His employee said something like \"hey are you sure, those are really small.\" I looked at the plate he gave me and saw two burnt slices about 2/3 the size of a normal slice, each. Nice.I just want to note that I know about the kitchen mixup because I overheard. At no point was I approached and told that a couple slices got overdone, and no one explained to me why they were cut so small. (and if I didn't mind, could I take them?) They just handed me the plate and was like, here's what you paid for.I was so insulted. I've been a customer for years. No longer, I guess. It's a shame, because usually the pizza's pretty decent.", 2, 5], "_4k-amQ41w_vYvVatFyVlg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "10/20/2012", "IMHO the best pizza in Northeast Ithaca. Their wings are delicious, finally good wings in Ithaca. I have been trying to find good wings for a year, The search is over", 4, 0], "Qr9Frn8C9CC7-ZVLjoSzbA": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "10/15/2012", "I've gotten pizza from Northeast probably about a dozen times and it's truly been hit-or-miss it seems (mostly hits). Sometimes the pizza is crispy and melty and full of goodness, but other times it's seemingly missing any pizza sauce whatsoever and has a layer of unmelted cheese on top, covered with grease.I enjoy the lunch special (which you can still do for dinner), two slices and a soda for just over $5 (I think). Their calzones are decent, too, and the wings were delicious (buffalo and boneless).I'll keep ordering from them since it's usually been tasty with a couple of bleh pizzas mixed in. The staff has always been pleasant and friendly, even when busy. You can order online, too, which is convenient.", 4, 2], "6mVFZS49WzYDBpcEf5qCdQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "9/21/2012", "We went to the Northeast Pizza tonight for dinner at 5:45. When we go there there was one bartender, and two waitresses and only two other tables filled up. We received our menus, and ordered about ten minutes later (wings, pizza, calzone). The waitresses didn't seem that busy they kept standing around and watching the television. The table that ordered before us received their wings about ten minutes after they ordered. Now we waited (with two children under the age of four)... and waited, and waited. The place filled up and still we waited. We waited for about 45 minutes until our wings came (just reminding you that when we got there the place was super quiet seemingly). They were delicious, crispy but still juicy. Perfect wings! About ten minutes after we got our wings our pizza and calzone came. The calzone was just okay, it needed some garlic or some kind of spice. We got the three cheese pizza with pepperoni. It was pretty greasy, but to be expected with three cheeses and pepperoni. The crust was very good, and I usually don't like crust. Overall I'd say that the pizza was better than most pizza places I've eaten at in the Ithaca area. Service however sucked! We were only attended to when our food came and when we sat down with our menus. We only got water filled when we sat down, and not after. Granted it was very busy and they seem to be understaffed, but still. We didn't end up leaving until 7:02. The other thing, the owner is charging a $2 \"eat in\" fee added to your total bill so beware! I asked the waitress about it, but she said that it was just something the owner started doing. If you are bringing kids, just be prepared for a possible long wait. I would suggest to order out. My score is as follows; Service: 1 StarFood: 4.5 StarsAverage of the two: about a two and three quarters, so i'll round it to a three", 3, 0], "iX2eLQeKdoUX-l6VhuWiPA": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "3/26/2012", "Great pizza and wings. They often play live music here to, which is sort of strange given the small space. When you walk inside the place is also struggling for an identity: it's half pizza parlor half bar and you're never really sure in which one to sit.", 4, 0], "ccA2HpmVbC0Ab1vwKnorGw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "10/15/2011", "This place seems to be on a downward spiral such that I want to revise my previously favorable review. The prices have gone up multiple times over the last few years, and the last three pizzas I've gotten have been disappointingly bare. If you don't mind venturing to Collegetown, The Nines builds a vastly better and more consistent pizza.", 2, 2], "EYbQTppJwtCT9nIwniWWiw": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "9/4/2011", "Pretty good for upstate pizza....we're more used to a slightly crispier crust but they were fast and even delivered to us by the pool at our hotel!However for 5 pies and 3 salads they gave us no forks, plates, or napkins...so don't forget to ask for them!", 4, 0], "O2p3WFEDouoqJahHLOp2hA": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "3/21/2011", "Finally, a New York Pizza that would never double as a welcome mat, this isn't that thin stuff you get in the city, none of that foldable stuff you can eat as you walk down 43 street in Manhattan. Leave it to Northeast pizza to break the mold that NYers have had to suffer for over the years. This is nice, thick pizza with an almost \"soft pretzel\" style crust. Walk in, there are pizzas ready for the oven, just tell the guys behind the counter what you want on it and go have a seat at The scale house brewery in the same building and someone will bring it over to you. This pizza is loaded with cheese so no need to ask for extra, unless thats your thing, I enjoyed mine with black olives, mushrooms (hey, gotta get those veggies in the diet) and onions. The sauce is sweet/garlicy, the crust is chewy in the center, crispy on the bottom. I ordered two slices, and they were huge, and the cheese was bubbling as it came straight from the oven.Try it with a speciality beer from Scale House's beer selection.", 4, 2], "o4UfJEM8CT9y2UwVDa1TTg": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "1/19/2011", "We've been to Northeast several times and have had consistantly good pizza and service. I'm from the midwest, so I get sick of New York style pizza, and when I want some really good pizza with a thicker, chewier crust, I know I can't go wrong with Northeast Pizza.", 4, 1], "e1jk17FHtbXCinb9qyz6DQ": ["Yelp", "Northeast Pizza & Beer", "11/10/2010", "I really like their Americana style pizza. I have gone on several occasions, and every time I have been the pizza has had a lot of cheese on it. They border on a little too much cheese in my opinion, and hence why I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5. While their pizza was overly cheesy, it also had enough sauce to balance out that extra cheese. The sauce was zesty and tart, but still sweet enough to balance out the zesty tartness (if that even makes sense). Two weeks ago when I sat down for dinner with a group of friends for my birthday I asked if they could do a pineapple jalape\u00f1o pizza. The waitress said they didn't have jalape\u00f1os but recommended we try banana peppers instead. Oh my god, that topping combination was heaven. A few months before that I ordered a pizza with red peppers that were not very good, so I would say that this was a huge improvement.Perhaps my favorite item on the menu is their unusual chicken wings. The chicken wings are really crispy but not battered. In addition, the buffalo sauce is unique. It has a hint of some sort of holiday spice in it (maybe nutmeg or cinnamon) that really makes them unusual. Everyone at the table loved the wings, and wished we ordered more of them. They also have BBQ sauce wings and those were also quite tasty. One person at my birthday dinner ordered boneless wings but I didn't get a chance to try them, because the group scarfed them down too quickly.Northeast Pizza shares a space with Scale House Brew Pub, and hence you can order beer directly from the brewpub on tap. I don't usually drink beer so my taste in beer is not very refined, but I enjoyed all the home brewed flavors I have tried here. They brew several different kinds but only 3 - 4 of them are actually available at any given time.Everyday of the week they have a special of the day that rotates, and then repeats each week. Some days its a discounted extra large pizza. Other days its an order of wings with a medium one topping pizza combo deal. Either way the specials are the cheapest way to go.lastly, the atmosphere is quite fun. On the brewpub side the scale house has a few TVs that shows various sporting events and also have live music on select nights of the week. Often this music is quite folky. On the other side of the pizza parlor side they have a bowling game machine. The pizza parlor slash brewpub combo makes the place feel kind of like a PG version of a townie bar. I generally prefer to sit on the brewpub side because the appointments are nicer and it got us further from the door so cold air was not blowing on us. You can order things from both places at the tables from either side of the establishment.", 4, 6]}
{"XA2WZNrf7aTNOHJboZ02NA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "2/23/2019", "Amazing steak at a great price! Why pay more when you can get a great steak and have fun eating it. Consistent from city to city including great service from friendly staff.", 5, 0], "I0UUiahajpB9ww7akF-S2w": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "12/24/2018", "Sirloin is marvelous. Unlimited supplies of peanuts and buttered bread. Atmosphere is good. Nice chatting with friends. Waiting time is maybe too long so I might actually raise a calf myself while waiting just joking lol.", 5, 0], "4CmxZyZynb9gFBr2sopFDA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "9/9/2018", "Just celebrated my 21st birthday there yesterday. Host counter was rude and unprofessional. Really lackluster experience and I'll explain why:Called a day ahead to make sure that they could seat 20 people at once, which I thought I was doing a courtesy for the restaurant since a one hour advance notice was probably not going to be enough for a party this big. The lady I spoke to said she'd put it down as a reservation for me and that the tables would be ready at 7pm.I arrived there with my friends and speak to the host only to be faced with a shocked \"OH MY GOSH\" look because the other lady I spoke to the day before only wrote it down on a piece of paper without telling anyone or putting it into their system. My party was then told that it would take 15 minutes to assemble all the tables together. Not wanting to be too pushy, I waited 25 minutes with my party before I asked them how much longer it would take. \"Another 5 minutes, they're just cleaning the tables.\" Another 15 minutes pass and my party is starting to get hungry (so were already really hungry), and I check up with them again, feeling a bit angsty. Another hostess is there and starts reprimanding me for not knowing how their processes work by saying I couldn't reserve and that I had to call within an hour to do so, so it wasn't the restaurant's fault for not having it ready. Whoever I spoke to was wrong and I was wrong for whatever I had heard or done. Another 20 minutes pass until my party was FINALLY seated. Mind you this was 75 minutes after the time we were supposed to be seated. If their attitudes had been more informative, and helpful, and less accusatory or \"what the heck, she's dumb and should have known that we didn't do reservations,\" I probably wouldn't be writing this review. Clearly, their processes and training of their employees aren't done well and working/ studying in hospitality myself, it's something I couldn't stand.Steaks were really off, it was hard for me and a few friends around me to chew through them. The grilled shrimps were definitely a tad bit overcooked. Peanut shells everywhere is disgusting. However, the bread rolls were great. They were honestly the best part about dinner- general consensus from everyone. I would like to add, however, that the two servers for my party were absolutely amazing. They were super understanding and kind and helped facilitate an amazing experience thereafter. But my party being hangry from the wait was not something I wanted for my 21st. Will never go there to celebrate a birthday anymore because of how unorganized their processes are and I don't suggest anyone else to go unless your party is small. And, the food was only mediocre.", 1, 1], "An3lkgac1eFHd8PZEkOGCw": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "9/4/2018", "I'm here with the family for a birthday dinner. The waitress Shannon is very attentive and very quick. There are five adults and two kids and everything came out hot (or cold, the salads) and was very yummy. The steaks were cooked the way we asked and the $3. rib kickers were really good. Best of all we got to yell a really loud \"yee haw\" for the birthday boy.  Fun times.", 4, 0], "Fm1ubhSwsMYJ5a_ipuIvAQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "8/14/2018", "The steaks were good meat. The cooking temperature were a bit off. The medium turned out medium well. The taste were too salty for us. The ribs were very tender and juicy.", 3, 0], "5COUudozgLZ2S5j-uoZM5Q": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "7/16/2018", "I ate here with my father earlier this week, not really sure what we were getting into. The atmosphere is very country looking, unfortunately, the complimentary peanuts cause everybody to leave shells on the floor... looks like crap, feels like you are walking on legos. Other than that complaint, everything else was stellar, our waitress, Mikalah deserves special mention, she was very sweet and spot on with the orders. The steak was delicious, perfectly done, the sides were good too. The menu seems dominated by steaks with 8 or so chicken and seafood choices.Bottom line: Like outback, except the peanut shells(those drove me nuts)", 3, 1], "CIG0uNAjMziqqk8HfBeA_w": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "4/30/2018", "So when they started building this neon palace I asked myself \"who at Texas Roadhouse thought this would be a good idea in Ithaca?\" A town with more vegans per capital and a general distaste for excess of which Texas is actually proud of.As I can see from the reviews only 6 of the 39 reviews are people from the Ithaca area. Seems to be a destination for parents visiting college kids or something.Anyways, we brought our reusable to go bags and limebiked over* ready to climb over the bodies of the peanut allergic children stacked outside* and skip the tofu to dive into the full Texas experience.Overall Meh is the right word.We had problems with the free kids meal coupons we received from them at another event as the waitress started making up restrictions on using it that were certainly not on the fine print. Had to go to the manager to get the whole reading part squared away. Took forever but they did correctly allow us to use these things.Ordered our meal and it was totally average. The kids meal steak options were med-well and well. No giant chain is ever going to make my kids eat a steak above med-rare again.We also got a sirloin steak and a NY strip. They came out and were the exact same cut. I know the short loin and sirloin are very close on the cow, but they are different (as told by the price they charged). However we quizzed our waitress and she didn't know nor could tell them apart. Then a guy came up to see how our meal was and we asked him the same question. At least he was honest and said he didn't know and they looked the same to him, but no one was in a hurry to give us our $2 back.Finally got the bill and the charged us for a extra drink (even though it was supposed to come free with the kids meal). The waitress argued with me for a little while then took 15 minutes to take it off.Won't be back anytime soon.*ok not really", 2, 0], "W-93WKvHUuPFLm9iyAEDqg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "3/12/2018", "First time going to a Texas Roadhouse and definitely not the last. Initially, the wait looked terrible since it was pretty backed but they gave us a wait time of ten minutes and stuck to it. All the staff were very attentive and friendly. Food wise, the service was quick and the food was great. Definitely fell in love with the complimentary bread, and it wouldn't be complete without the cinnamon butter.", 4, 0], "QikeoClssLu0eDDqsc5U3A": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "2/26/2018", "Had the Fort Worth rib eye. Very good. Son had a burger. Very good. Boring wife had chicken, as usual. Very good. Broiled shrimp appetizer was excellent as was the side salad with house Italian. Didn't care for the side of corn for some reason. Didn't taste like corn.Anyhoo. Great meal, didn't leave hungry and to top it all off, Anastasia was the best waitress of all time.Word to your mother.", 5, 0], "94E0VLCAcht6yF1P-G71dg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "2/22/2018", "Reasonable price, great taste. Only one thing than I would say you can improve is to control the doneness of the steak. I always orders medium, but turns out to be a bit either too rear or too old. But over all it's the best steak house of the area!", 5, 0], "7jgzkxadeN4AEVJwuwZJrQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "2/19/2018", "Solid Texas Roadhouse. First time at the Ithaca location. The hostesses were really great and we were seated pretty quickly. The food was good, the atmosphere exactly what I expected, and the service was solid. Solid not extraordinary, thus the four stars. It started a bit rocky with us getting our cactus blossom as we were ordering our entrees. Then our chili came out straight away with the entrees following now long after.However, the waiter definitely didn't rush us and let us take our time. He was generally the right amount of attentive, but I could have used faster refills on soda. Sometimes, you need a drink when you're eating texmex!All of the food was solidly in the yum category. The cactus blossom is deceptively big (definitely too big for two lol) and the entrees are a good size, especially for the price.", 4, 1], "c9t5YYHquzjJV_4OeylFUg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "1/28/2018", "Great service (thank you Candi) and a huge shout out to the cook last night (1/27/18) the steaks were cooked to perfection!! Spot on!!!! One of the best TR I have been to!!", 5, 0], "p8Hho0zsQCcTBAHEG4x2XA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "12/9/2017", "Great night out. It was really busy, but service and food were first rate. A visit here is usually an enjoyable experience and tonight was no exception. We were seated quickly, orders were taken quickly and the food, which was lovely, arrived quickly. The staff seem to enjoy working here too judging by the enthusiasm put into the spontaneous line dancing and wishing celebrating diners a happy birthday. A lovely evening all round.", 5, 0], "RiKzyKljwOEOpm16Wndh4w": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "11/8/2017", "First time here and really enjoyed both the food and the service, as well as the venue. The prime steaks are awesome with a variety of side order choices. We were rather thrilled to find a buck of roasted peanuts on the table for free. Fantastic place! We'll be back soon!", 5, 0], "nWQSaqn4Wt1EsM6lkYkA8g": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "10/30/2017", "I'm on the road all the time. Chain restaurants, as we all know, are hit or miss. But I gotta say, Texas Roadhouse is always a safe bet. Everything is fresh. All of the sides, the dressings, and even the meat, never disappoints. This location had great service as well (I was sitting at the bar.) I'll come back!", 5, 0], "x-OSVcTMsR3d6Qjgsoumdg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "10/16/2017", "I came upstate to visit my son who wrestles for Cortland. We have never eaten here before. The staff was terrific. Our waiter T.J. was fantastic and we met a lovely woman named Paula who was helping us select the delicious sides that they gave us to sample. Paula was so friendly and gave us added suggestions for my son to travel back home using Amtrak...The food was delicious along with the drinks... We will defiantly come back...", 5, 1], "R4Di8yPYmnmutgZBvLN9kQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "10/9/2017", "Ordered the oven roasted chicken, veggies and green beans. Food is served lukewarm but \"be careful because the plates are hot.\" ???? There wasn't one thing on my plate that wasn't over cooked. Don't opt for healthier sides because the veggies are drowned in butter and the green beans are slathered in a bacon sauce. I gave three stars for the margaritas.", 3, 0], "3PA1CyWNuo7kbF6AW4apoQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "9/15/2017", "I frequent this restaurant as I'm a huge fan of the smothered chicken. We've had both good and horrible experiences at this place, which is to be expected. Not every day is going to go perfectly. Most instances, we are quickly (or semi quickly) seated, we get our drinks and plenty of bread and butter. The food is always tasty and decently priced. The place is loud, which is typical for TRH, but sometimes I do avoid it in favor of something more quiet. The place is almost always packed so I would highly suggest call ahead seating!", 4, 0], "obxVl6jR7fAv1frHkPYaiw": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "6/19/2017", "We were driving by and decided to try it. I was prepared to be semi-disappointed but both our steaks were tender and great flavored. I had the large NY strip steak and my wife had the filet. Sides were also very good. We will stop again. I could give it 5 stars...", 4, 0], "kmAR75P7XwjmoVyyjpRsTQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "6/13/2017", "WAITING for 15 minutes for waitress to \"see\" us at table. WTH. Worst experience ever.", 2, 0], "CqbO9iFtfXeiSJ7dJtonVg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "6/13/2017", "Good food, good beer and friendly staff! Just be careful about trying to get a seat during dinner rush, it gets crazy!My only suggestion to the restaurant would be to have the bar staff try to control seating better during busy hours. I went in with my brother during a rush, there were a few groups at the bar, but they had the classic \"buffer seat\" between each group. Four more people could have been comfortably seated, instead we left to avoid the 45 minute wait.", 4, 0], "NUlMpzFaF7vnHAN0MRCOYQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "4/27/2017", "Our server name was Kim M. was excellent could not ask for a better person. I ordered the bone -in ribeye and it was amazing. It was cooked perfect and my husband had salmon which is always amazing. When you have a good server and excellent food the atmosphere will come together. Thanks again Kim M.", 5, 0], "9VfMuybudSHFMZWd1VothQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "4/15/2017", "The service was great, the server very nice, the food was delicious, she recommended for all of us and it was on point, we will be comming back Ithaca in a couple of months will definitely revisit this restaurant. Definately recommend to all.", 5, 0], "iG2mYtJ7uIGMUogH9g-ALQ": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "4/15/2017", "Came when it opened a while ago and again after. Very pleasant experience exactly what you expect from a chain restaurant The steak is good the bread is good the sides are alright Overall if you're in the mood for some reasonably priced steak then this is the place to go", 5, 0], "uphdW24-YPhMlNJ8WwR70A": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "3/15/2017", "If I could do a 4.5 I would. It was very busy when I went but we were seated and served quickly. The food was delicious. My hubby and I both got steak and while both were closer to well than the ordered medium rare, the flavor and juciness was there. All sides and drinks were good and the wait staff seemed to really care.", 4, 1], "8TtSFAD-22EZBEuYQy6lbw": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "1/24/2017", "This place is a sensory overload. I walk past this place almost every day and I can hear country music blaring from across the street. You don't need music playing OUTSIDE your restaurant. The music inside is a bit loud but they seem to adjust it according to the size of the crowd inside? It died down significantly when we were there and when it did the volume was turned down a lot. But I think the most cringe-worthy part of the experience was how every 10 minutes someone had a birthday and they encouraged the whole place to shout \"YEE HAW!\" The food wasn't bad for a chain restaurant. If you want a mind blowing steak, go elsewhere... obviously. I just wanted the ambience of a Texas themed restaurant since I do miss the obnoxious pride that state has for itself. And let me tell you, I was raised in Texas and never did I hear anyone shout yee haw, much less at a restaurant.", 3, 1], "26s8Qg2OoMPPwcysxcleSA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "12/25/2016", "Always like the atmosphere here, comparably normal crowd, friendly staff and early evening dinner option (!) is reasonably priced at 10 bucks, however:the pulled pork was cold inside and the steak cooled off real quick, the side portions were rather small, chilli was good, the bread with butter was bad.....no need to come again...", 2, 0], "fbLrMvIN5llVwRfTrkEgrg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "12/14/2016", "I went for a meal at Texas Roadhouse for the first time , never being to Texas Roadhouse I didn't know what they had to offer but assumed it was similar to a outback or other chain steakhouses. I was very impressed upon entering to see the \"Butchers\" behind the case cutting steaks fresh and displaying their product in the front refrigerated case to allow customers to choose there own steak. Along with buckets of shelled salted peanuts like you get at the baseball games everywhere I don't know what else you could ask for. I went in a small party just with two other people and the service was very fast getting are orders taken in food out in around 15-20 minutes or so, They also checked in relatively often in between square dancing to the jukebox, and birthday yee hawing. I Would definitely go back and have no complaints worth mentioning thanks Texas Roadhouse for a great night and not just another night out for dinner.", 5, 1], "L5acmuaY9kFfmWPPUidrbA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "12/13/2016", "Texas Roadhouse and other chain steakhouses are unfairly discriminated against. Quite honestly, the value is much better than many restaurants in Ithaca. For $50, two people can have a very nice steak dinner, and take home extra rolls with cinnamon butter. Sure, it's not as sexy as Mahogany Grill or Just a Taste, but for the quality of the food and service, as long as you're not looking for a unique culinary experience, Texas Roadhouse is a great way to have a solid dinner.First off, this isn't my first rodeo at Texas Roadhouse but this is the best one I've been to. The place was packed on a Tuesday and that's a good sign. Furthermore, the service was solid and timely. Best of all, they brought us fresh hot rolls without us asking after we finished the first basket AND they offered us more rolls to take home at the end of our meal. Y'all know how incredible those rolls are.Onion Cactus Blossom - a classic at Texas Roadhouse, Bugaboo, and the like. Well-fried, with tender sweet onion, and the cajun horseradish sauce actually keeps things from getting too greasy. Really tasty, but definitely not good for you and will fill you up.Ribs - a full rack for $20. The sauce is not too sweet, and has a decent char grilled flavor from being finished on the grill. The ribs aren't the moistest or meatiest I've ever had, but is still a solid value.Sirloin - 11oz sirloin for $15. Very juicy, meaty, and perfectly grilled to my requested doneness of medium-rare. I think they might Jaccard their steaks, but either way, it was delicious. While sirloin is a relatively lean cut, this steak was juicy and tender.Sides - salads are overdressed, as they are at 90% of American chain restaurants. The fries here are really bad, stay far far away from their dry, oversalted spuds.", 4, 2], "09hyWyKGN2BhHBsSq6ADVw": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "11/29/2016", "I ate at this Texas Roadhouse in Ithaca n it was not very good service,brought us our drinks n left n took some time to take our order,then our salads took forever to get,then when they arrived so did our steaks n on top of that they wasnt cooked as ordered !! They did bring me another steak n potato but then it wasnt right either !! I enjoy most all Texas Roadhouses meals but this one just didnt do it for my cousin n her friend n i !!! They're local n im from Indiana but very pour service in and out of the kitchen !!", 1, 0], "HuzikmiMq5gRjWNzvXHyPg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "11/8/2016", "Awful will not ever go again. My food was so salty I couldn't eat it. Flies bothered us the whole meal! Real flies, and we where inside!", 1, 0], "QE6MC3pjLWT47ocxqmtq9g": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "10/26/2016", "I've been twice and both times I had a good steak as far as chains are concerned. The sides are ok. The rolls come with this cinnamon butter that is very tasty! The last visit our server was very attentive and checked in on us probably every 5 minutes or so. She was great! Both visits we had to wait for a table. 1st visit it was probably 30 minutes of waiting. 2nd time maybe 5 minutes of waiting.A little noisy but that is pretty much expected at these kind of places. I will be going again.", 4, 0], "dGPVzagXVBpjFeBlt_DGaw": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "10/8/2016", "We have been there twice now and they have the best ribs i have ever had. I had the sweet potato and the ceaser salad along with the 1/2 rack and I was full. Dan is the best waiter/server i have ever had in all my years of eating out, and I am 66.", 5, 0], "9KoptqERqkIG8DvZJX9U6g": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "9/13/2016", "Took my family to the Ithaca location on Sunday September 11th for dinner. As always we had a great time. The food came out fast and perfect, the staff was very attentive, and took special interest on making sure my 1 and 2 year old son had a great time", 4, 0], "0PjuNbo2ny1wlflVe8A_TA": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "8/23/2016", "We have always enjoyed the food at the Elmira restaurant but tonight we tried the Ithaca restaurant. The food was delicious as expected but we ended up packing our meal to go and leaving because our table was beset with an excessive number of flies. It was like eating outside near garbage cans. The staff were well aware of the problem, I'm sure management was working on the situation but they should have closed the restaurant until they could fix this issue. I don't expect to eat a $40 meal surrounded by flies. I will give them another chance after they have been open a little longer but first impressions stick and tonight was an unpleasant dining experience.", 2, 0], "ScD6srPnMv-3wvio5zmKag": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "8/15/2016", "I'm a big fan of the Elmira roadhouse and was so exited to find out they finally opened one here at Ithaca. We went there right after they opened but their food was disappointing. All the steaks we ordered were overcooked and everything else was very very salty. Even the breads didn't live up to the roadhouse standards. I guess the chef here have a very steep learning curve. We'll still give it a try in the future and hopefully we won't get disappointed again.", 2, 0], "rKGoHVeMoAhPyLIzT5319g": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "8/9/2016", "Not bad. Loud, family friendly. (As to whether these are plusses or minuses can depend on your worldview.) Good place to get an OK piece of meat relatively inexpensively. Be prepared for a wait on a Saturday night.", 3, 0], "6CxnlbXAxpWBZZWrofojqg": ["Yelp", "Texas Roadhouse - Ithaca", "7/9/2016", "This location is brand new, and is still trying to figure itself out. I am sorry Alyssa B had such a negative experience, but I have been there twice, and both times were good, but not great. There is still quite a bit of training and learning going on, but I think the food is solid, and the prices are affordable. Every TR is the same, but what makes this location kind of cool is that you see a side of Ithaca that is missing from other places, usually dominated by the Cornell/IC crowd. So if you feel like eating some solid proteins; listening to country music; watching sports; and watching the humiliating birthday celebrations for unlucky customers, this is the place for you.", 3, 2]}
{"TAyBrNZnRE3ETYI8yR84tg": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "2/17/2019", "The atmosphere is so nice in this cafe- open and airy with plants, but the coffee tasted like it was instant. Great potential but poor execution and quality.", 2, 0], "kqWmIHuj0FEE1M_pgj9oqw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "12/2/2018", "The service has seriously dropped off. I was there last Friday night - no other customers were there. It took 15-20 minutes to prepare our food except my order, which came 5-8 minutes later. there was no sense of urgency to get my food to me. The employees were chatting - stopped at several points to make an emphatic point with each other about the important conversation they were having- leaving my unfinished meal still in preparation. Then when it wa finished. They called out and had me come down the hallway to get my meal. I was really rethinking the 15% tip i sort of felt compelled by the payment software to leave. The food quality is still pretty good - not sure I'll go back though. Too painful.", 2, 0], "Ik_L1tZ89Tdj-Ghu3knGgw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "10/14/2018", "This is a really trendy but quiet place with a nice ambiance. There are some cute sofas with vegan books and games to play while you eat. The food is really pretty but takes a while to make for a casual spot like this and doesn't taste that great. It's not gross but it's not something you crave. It was a nice experience but the for the price I probably wouldn't go back again.", 3, 0], "ALjoSEelmJwrxvmrRZecPA": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "9/23/2018", "their version of a pumpkin spice latte is so damn good. just gotta say and the rest of their food is tasty too!", 4, 0], "Q2tAv8OwbVU9If-okQddJw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "9/1/2018", "Great plant based cafe. The savory bowls are so fresh and healthy! They do not use gluten in the cafe but they are not a certified gluten free restaurant. They even have a few wines.", 5, 2], "0SvDPi6LkYEfKY78NgGppA": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "8/15/2018", "The place is trendy and makes for great pictures but menu is very overpriced. Ive had way cheaper acai bowls in Los Angeles with a much better taste. Hoping for more Acai inspired places open soon", 3, 0], "3kE1DjYQf6iTqDaTM1yyag": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "7/24/2018", "Maybe I'm being overly nice with four stars but I would like to see more vegetarian/vegan restaurants in town so here goes my 4 stars.. maybe 3 if there were more competitions ... Good (re: decor/ambience): the decor is really nice and comfortable and it feels like a better version of a coffee shop, with larger tables ... if you manage to get the table near the street, you are lucky ... it's very comfy and cute and me and my friend talked over 3 hours here (although we ordered a lot of food .. I was particularly hungry) ... I saw another woman at a smaller table working on her laptop with just a cup of drink, and she was staying for a very looong time ... a very nice place to hang out to chat ... it wasn't very busy either so that could be a plus for us customers, though not for the business. Good 2 (re: food): I ordered beet bowl, and I *think* I ordered smaller size but it was quite substantial, and tasty as well. It didn't elicit \"Wow\" from me but it certainly filled me up, so much so that I only tasted a spoonful of nachos bowl I ordered, which I took home to my teenage son who gobbled it up with zero qualms. I really like that they use fresh, local ingredients. Bad (biodegradables to landfill): I appreciate that they didn't give me the usual plastic bowls and utensils used at so many other places - instead they provided me with biodegradables, which is presumably compostable at industrial facilities (there is questions to that). However, I noticed that the storekeepers, as they cleaned up to leave for the day (because we over-stayed until 9 p.m.) .. and I don't want to say this because they were very nice ... but let me say this in the spirit of making a better world: what's the point of using biodegradable plates and utensils if you just sack them all into a big black plastic bag ... obviously heading to a landfill?  I thought that was a no-no for an eco-conscious vegan eatery. I want to say that I would have preferred if they served everything in ceramic bowls, glasses, ceramic cups, etc, with real utensils ...... no plastic pollution that way and better for our health. btw my friend didn't seem to like protein bowl very much ... and I don't see very good reviews on that item listed here either. Maybe the restaurant owner should look into it?I want to come back one day for some sweets and smoothies .. I hope the food quality and ecological practice will further improve to satisfy all customers and the restaurant will thrive into the future!", 4, 0], "hQU6tPBa2G0HsnkuUe2Pxw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "7/14/2018", "I've tried the tangi bowl and the protein bowl and though they were decent, there was nothing special about them. I preferred the tangi over the protein bowl. The protein bowl was lacking in flavor, was really dense, and the rice inside of it was either undercooked or old because the grains were so hard I had to stop eating the bowl halfway through. I also expected the radishes on the side to be pickled or flavored in some way but they weren't. Just can't justify spending over $11 on a bowl I can make myself for $2. I like the vibe of this place but the food, especially at these prices, is not better than a 2/5. Maybe the baked goods and smoothies are better, so I may be back to try those at some point.", 2, 0], "B-UY9tIun69caqzMOy1MgA": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "7/3/2018", "I've given this place two chances now. One to try out a savory bowl, the other a sweet bowl. The beetbox bowl was tasty. The sweet bowl on the other hand ( Tropical bowl) was tasteless. It was essentially a TEN DOLLAR bowl of tasteless banana ice cream, paired with equally flavorless toppings. The pictures makes the food look way better than it tastes. While it is convenient that the menu is entirely vegan, there are several other places with vegan options that I would consider before going here again", 1, 0], "pZLbkeVoHAYUmq69-fO3gg": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "6/24/2018", "Love this place! So cute inside I always want to spend more time in there than I actually have. I've had the savory and the sweet bowls, looking forward to trying the matcha latte on my next visit. Only reason I gave 4 stars is it is a little pricey.", 4, 0], "Ni2Xait-QuM1-3bu0a58PQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "6/19/2018", "Amazing! They will cook without oil if you ask! It is hard to find a place that will truly work with your special diet request. We are so thankful. Very helpful employees walked us through the entire menu. We appreciate not only the vegan options, but NO OIL options as well! They also have the Best tea - throat coat!! Delicious!", 5, 0], "Ec4plmLR0b2SemBTDDPcsQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "6/17/2018", "Their service and decor is unbeatable! Best brunch and lunch in Ithaca. The nacho daddys nachos cant be beat as well as their tumeric latte (great post workout snack):) amazing place to eat and chill with the squad. Love it and love the food and healtht drinks!", 5, 0], "3sEN0dWhg_QJl-J1y94QMg": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "6/10/2018", "I tried the protein bowl as recommended by the staff. For the price ($14) it was a pretty tremendous let down. It was very bland and the only thing I could taste was the spice from the sauce. The most flavorful thing in the protein bowl was the avocado, which is pretty disappointing. Overall, the food was mediocre at best, and definitely not worth the money. Wouldn't recommend, at least not the protein bowl.", 2, 0], "U-LtAHiztJG1jOJFZVAOew": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "6/10/2018", "One of the worst lattes I've ever had. It was lukewarm at best and the espresso tasted sour. Had to literally throw it away (after spending $10) a block after we left. The food looked decent, but I suggest anywhere else for coffee.", 1, 0], "Q6m85MbXvllsaEDLq8LoPw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/28/2018", "Ithaca is a plant-based haven, and Nikki Green positioned themselves to be a trendier vegan joint (in contrast to hippie-vegan or gourmet-vegan, if that makes any sense). The store interior is super chic--minimalistic white with green plants. Was there a pastel neon sign? I can't recall, but it wouldn't look out of place if there was one. Anyway, you order at the counter and pick-up your food. The menu is well-crafted, with an assortment of savory and sweet (breakfast) bowls. As I came for dinner, I opted for a small tangi bowl, with tofu, sunflower seeds, and Asian-inspired vegetables over jasmine rice. It was okay. The broccoli was well-seasoned, but I found the combination to be a bit lackluster, especially given the number of similar meals I've had in the past. The jasmine rice took away from the heartiness of the meal; a nuttier quinoa/brown rice/whole grain mix would have made the flavors more complete, in my opinion. The prices are also a little bit on the higher end, with $11-13 for a bowl, $7 for a smoothie, and $6 for a \"wellness\" latte (according to their webpage; Ithaca To-Go prices are a few dollars higher). I don't usually comment on meal prices because they're usually representative of how casual or upscale a restaurant differentiates itself, but I wish the prices better reflected affordability of the overall college student population that would likely visit. Nonetheless, Nikki Green hasn't been open for too long, and I can't wait to see how it'll grow and prosper down the line.", 3, 0], "Ur9kXy-aHP52NYKlZfnqJg": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/21/2018", "Fine overall, but too expensive.Came here once and got a latte (~$8 total); when it was served they told me, \"By the way, this is vegan and has no caffeine or coffee.\" Felt a little tricked, especially as it seemed like a fairly gross mix of fake milk and beet juice. Had a bunch of friends try it as well, and the consensus was that it was undrinkable.Decided to give it a second try, and got a chocoholic bowl (sortof a chocolate-peanut butter-banana smoothie), and it was good. However, $13 total was way too much. You can get similar and at least as good at Sweet Melissa's for around a third of the price.Unlikely to give a third try.[As a suggestion, as I've never seen more than 1 or 2 people in this decent sized space, a more visible sign outside might help the business. I can never tell what storefront Nikki Green is, or even if it still exists, until I'm right in front of it.]", 3, 0], "I7mumDYNXZsG8Yf5JOApiQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/17/2018", "Ithaca's best and healthiest new restaurant. The plant-based menu is limited, but all the food is fresh, minimally processed and very flavorful. Also, the portions are generous and filling. Atmosphere is great -- lots of natural light gives it an open feeling -- but seating is a bit limited so perhaps they'll add a few tables in the future. My only true criticism is that both times I dined here, the counter staff wasn't very friendly -- seemed bored and impatient in waiting for us to decide what we wanted. This isn't uncommon in Ithaca (or anywhere, for that matter); maybe he was just having a bad day.But overall, Nikki Green is a welcome addition to Ithaca -- fresh, clean, healthy food with flavor.", 4, 0], "gN8qlpInhlqWuj6jq2YTsA": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/14/2018", "Probably tried just about everything on the menu at my birthday brunch here a few months ago.I was a HUGE fan of the interior for the simple, delicate, and earthy look. The only bowl I wasn't a fan of was my Protein Bowl (?) - it had carrots, chickpeas, radishes, etc. but was just too heavy to consume for longer than a few bites. I wish there was an acidic or tart ingredient in the dish that would cut through the dense and protein heavy ingredients. Otherwise, the banana bread crumb cake was THE BOMB. Really loved the texture and flavors of it and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to satisfy a sweet tooth. The variation of smoothie bowls was also a plus - matcha, acai, and chocolate/peanut butter (?) - all sounded delicious and actually nutritious!Go support this fellow Cornell alumni & get a taste of the Green life!", 4, 1], "6pqVukL3kArCCdX3Vy1SfQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/13/2018", "I was looking for a smoothie which they claim to have. I get there I don't see smoothies on their menu, I ask about this--I was told the a\u00e7a\u00ed bowl is a smoothie (insert blank stare). I asked if I could sip it through a straw, the serve said yes. When the bowl not smoothie comes out I was beyond annoyed. I almost left the thing there, I wanted a smoothies not a bowl of stuff.", 1, 0], "8Dqv4wqzFeIL4Ug6UOkz6w": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "5/1/2018", "Love this place!Tons of plant based food options and they got some great plant based, vegan, and whole food books to read while you lounge.The Beet bowl was excellent after a 4 mile run!I will be back to try more.", 5, 1], "a7gKw7FrIJpt2TM6S6Xj9g": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "4/22/2018", "Uh...ordered this savory desert...it looked nothing like the picture. No strawberries or chocolate chips...just matcha and almond milk soup with chunks of ice. Cost $15. Never ordering from here again", 2, 3], "0AOnwqanez2EzQvnV396sQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "4/11/2018", "Decent food but didn't wow me. I've only been here once, and I was a little troubled by something: they accidentally made me a large bowl vs. the small, and instead of just saying \"oops\" and giving it to me for the small bowl price, they took ten minutes to redo the bowl. The server said something like \"this is the boss's rule.\" I didn't care about it except it felt like more work and too much of a wait for the food.Very glad to see another vegan restaurant on the scene, though.", 3, 0], "uJSbOBihehtouilL8V4G-Q": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "4/8/2018", "The food was good and the service friendly. It's a nice place to sit and it was clean.", 4, 0], "vkgKSFqKHzGheJVC_LN0aQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "3/17/2018", "Really delicious food! The quinoa \"tots\" were delightful with the honey mustard dipping sauce. Would have appreciated nutritional value on the menu items, but great ingredients. Kudos!", 5, 0], "JrhvHy43t9jeognf7d7N7Q": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "3/12/2018", "Sorry but this was one of the worst meals I've had in a while. I had the Tangi Bowl and the soup. The broccoli in the bowl was brown and limp. I think it had gone bad. Nothing fresh about it. It overpowered the taste of the entire meal and I couldn't finish it. The soup was poorly pur\u00e9ed and the seasoning overdone. The food is expensive even if the quality has been good. I won't be returning. Staff however were friendly and polite.", 1, 0], "0pXE2GOwF3k3TcMUmfFMGw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "3/10/2018", "Such a kind staff! And the a\u00e7a\u00ed bowls are great. I recommend that everyone give it a try!", 5, 0], "KyLdQ3MT3oOAAPDjyDjB1w": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "2/11/2018", "The food, service, and atmosphere are all great. However, the prices were a bit high for the Ithaca area and they didn't have much of a selection of drinks to go along with your meal.", 4, 0], "dFCRbjyNyWwD4wpkwshCLA": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "2/9/2018", "This place rules! I had the protein bowl and it was delicious, filling, not to mention BEAUTIFUL. The service was quick and friendly. I highly recommend.", 5, 0], "a8BabjNSHcX6EcTBphPmgw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "1/23/2018", "The food is pretty good, but it's quite expensive. It's a nice environment, but just a little disappointing to pay a lot of money for a meal served in a disposable paper bowl.", 3, 4], "G7gGoNciIukCUPa9Safp0A": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "1/19/2018", "Oh my Sweet Baby Jesus I've been excited about this ever since Ten Forward cafe came to town! I'm so surprised it has taken so long to get a few vegan restaurants, but my prayers have been answered! I first went to NG on a Thursday around noon for lunch. Thankfully I beat the rush. I got the Tangi Bowl which is jasmine rice, salt and pepper tofu, sunflower seeds, ginger broccoli and peas dressed in a turmeric teriyaki. I eat a lot but I got the small because I wasn't sure I was going to like it. Well, I truly enjoyed every part and even think a small is enough for a normal person (I eat a lot due to my training load). The rice was cooked perfect, the dressing was flavorful and it all worked together. I would have ordered fried of crispy tofu if it was an option, but was overall happy with what I got.As I was leaving I saw a woman get the Nuttin But Nuts Sweet Bowl, and knew I had to come back...which I did the next day. I got the sweet bowl that had a peanut butter banana base and was topped with cacao nibs, cashew cream and macadamia Nuts. Oh Lord it was great! It was like a custard mixed with ice cream, but not at all icy. All smooth. I was a bit hesitant before trying both about the price, but I can say firmly, they are worth it. The quality and quantity is there.I can't wait to go back!", 5, 0], "IsOMFtlvRxzw06Id8RRIhw": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "1/18/2018", "Was pretty good, just started going vegan because I watched \"what the health\" but it's trash and I will probably stop being vegan but who knows. Great restaurant!!", 4, 0], "7inA_8CRjNQ0L-55UN1k_A": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "1/11/2018", "My wife and I are sick and I stopped here on the way to Viva instead. Got a Wonder Bowl and some Quinoa nuggets with cashew cheese. Fresh and good stuff from the local farms. Give this new place a try! Parking is just about street only, so you may have to park a couple of blocks over and walk.", 5, 0], "fAn9xzxfsMXKGZDQOIjkOQ": ["Yelp", "Nikki Green", "1/10/2018", "Everything is VEGAN. The food is colorful, beautiful, crisp, and loaded with those power-packed raw enzymes you know and love. This place is PERFECT if you need to grab something quick and healthy on your lunch break. The food comes out fast, served in a compostable paper bowl, so you can easily take it to go or dine in. The short, concise menu makes it easy to decide what you want within 90 seconds tops. They offer various healthy food bowls in both Sweet and Savory categories; I recommend the Protein Bowl with Avocado for a midday boost. YUM! If you need help ordering, ask the staff what their favorite items are. As far as customer service goes, the staff is comprised of absolutely lovely, kind and wonderful people. They have a Loyalty Card program where you can get a stamp for each meal. You also get a stamp for uploading a picture of your order to InstaGram. The only thing missing from this place is a more extensive juice bar. Keep up the good work!!!", 5, 7]}
{"_eDGCPPyVZkl0dxqCwFYqA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "7/6/2018", "Visited Ithaca for the day and really wanted to go out and try a local restaurant; however I have the pickiest 4yo on the planet and so we went to the place where I know he'll eat a reasonable dinner vs just bread. Thankful for kids mac & cheese with yogurt. I'm also a fan of the Fuji Apple Salad with Chicken; it's my go-to meal at Panera.", 4, 0], "Tek-4xXP4azX-5mhL8i-XA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "6/2/2018", "Great food but no option for gluten free alternative for sandwiches. Way past time for Panera to recognize how many people want or need a gluten free alternative. Such an imaginative company ought to be able to figure this out, like so many other food purveyors have done!", 2, 0], "6oLnGcW8nKU9gA1uwWb46g": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "4/6/2018", "They treat there workers awful had to complain to human resources and dol.gov/whd/america2.htm\u2026about them not giving breaks 2 for a 10 hour shift. I have worked numerous 10 hour days with no breaks. they do not follow the law. When this was brought to HR and the \"manager\" they try to hush hush it. I was then fired when I brought it up again. now they are saying I quit. to not pay unemployment. the Manager is new 23 years old and does NOT now how to manage. the food in the coolers is is over 50 degrees and they refuse to fix it. outbreaks of Ecoli are all over. I have numerous complaints against this company and there ethics. Department of Labor is on them Hard they even tried to prevent me from getting Unemployment when I was told not to bother coming in anymore. HA lost there. avoid for health reasons and for the toll this place takes on its workers.", 1, 1], "QbbGJ1OiMs2nDjUNJBwhcg": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "3/14/2018", "It frustrates me to have to go through the drive through multiple times to correct a mistake or gross coffee. I have done this on more than one occasion. With sleeping children in the car it becomes challenging for local choices. The picture attached is the sad PB&J we received today and I can't even waste my time at this point to have it corrected!", 2, 0], "SREqvQVzziTFLDl7IQ6rqw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "3/8/2018", "I've definitely been to better panera breads. Not always freshest ingredients used. Not friendly service either. Really hit or miss for us and we have been here about 5 times. We will keep going since we love panera, but just disappointing sometimes.", 3, 0], "uLVfe6K3kwqK7Mb5CLvG-g": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "3/2/2018", "Worse and worse unfortunately is the theme. Having come here for the past 3-4 years, it saddens me to have to write this review, but when you spend $40-50 for a 3 person dinner meal you expect the quality and consistency, which is not what you get at this Panera. Many times I have brought home dinner for the family, just to realize, something is missing or not made correctly. Soups missing, ingredients on sandwiches missing, wrong items all together and being charged and given items I didn't even order. The last straw was when I brought home a soup and half salad for my wife, who let me mention is vegetarian, and pregnant with horrible nausea and can barely keep anything down. Her half salad was more like a quarter, but more importantly had tiny pieces of meat on it which was only noticed until she had taken a bite!! You can only imagine how sick she was. I called the manager and was given an unapologetic sorry and then was told they would send us some coupons as I did not want to drive back to town 20min away to get a refund. Obviously coupons never arrived, but I am happy they didn't, so I will not be tempted to visit this establishment again.", 1, 0], "2KcB6uS9R9KQqha825WwQw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "2/3/2018", "Look how cute I look in this photo. I am gorgeous. Look at that soup it's not as pretty as me. But it was yummy. So I'll give it four stars but then again, the most important take away from this review is that I am beautiful.", 4, 1], "WVPq6UAaMZa1SNf0No_PDA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "12/21/2017", "This is my favorite Panera location ever! The food is consistently well done and the service is excellent. I love that the workers bring the food to you and are eager to get you anything else you need (silverware, butter etc.). There is also rarely a line inside just because the team in there is so fast and efficient. Only four stars because the drive through has presented some issues with for me in the past. I personally don't see this as a problem with this location so much as with Panera. Panera just isn't a drive through restaurant.", 4, 0], "AJ2tveSsvVgZz8XxujIaDA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "9/15/2017", "Daquan was awesome. He checked on us to make sure everything was ok after our food had been served. The food was served promptly. One of the best Paneras we've dined in.", 5, 0], "6waamZ1suhfv5ZdUlYsUAw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "7/24/2017", "This place has gone down the drain since new management . Orders are never right anymore nor is the drive through fast. The last two times I waited in line if the drive thru for 40 mins ! Still great food no denying that . Just in need of better service", 1, 0], "dcA-c3WsMioS6r4KpBb9hg": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "5/8/2017", "I love this Panera! I've been here many times and it has always been great. Quick and friendly service, and the restaurant is clean. I highly recommend the Mac n cheese- it is so so good.", 5, 0], "lYpvKclTRZHHcr7hqiENpQ": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "4/8/2017", "This is why I don't eat at Panera. I ordered an egg white with avocado and spinach.  The teaspoon of avocado is in one lump. Yes, equivalent of 1 teaspoon. I wish I could post the picture. Come on people!!!  Presentation is half the battle!!! Oh, and include the items in a decent proportion. The cashier was great...Loved her but the food...Seems to be lacking.", 2, 0], "DgaMRNaOhHGRzuyeh4gzIg": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "3/29/2017", "I mean, it's still Panera...but that being said, definitely one of the cleaner and nicer outposts of the franchise. They have two kiosks for ordering in addition to the counter, and are always super fast bringing out food. You're given a pager-type device which is placed on your table, and that's how they know where to bring your food. My go-to is the French onion soup in a bread bowl. Sometimes at other Panera franchises I'll find that they aren't great about taking enough of the bread out of the bread bowl so I'll end up with like three bites of soup, but they were great about it here. The bread always tastes fresh and there's always an ample selection of baked goods. There's one manager or something, too, who is always running around working so hard and asking customers who are done eating if she can take their garbage or plates. It's little touches like this that can turn your typical fast-casual experience into something at least a little nicer. Extremely clean on the inside with plenty of seating. Also a good amount of parking outside as well. Wait can be a little long on occasion as they do get some sports teams/prom groups/etc from the high schools in the area as well as Cornell and IC, obviously, but the line usually moves pretty quickly.", 4, 1], "Q3N66-sLs238Y7akK3KtaQ": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "3/20/2017", "Long line waiting for one cashier on duty at 9PM at night - thought I was outsmarting them to use the kiosk no one was using - ended up waiting literally 30 minutes for 2 half and half orders (nothing unique) to be made. Not given ANYTHING to accommodate for the wait - not even a drink. Considering we opted to go here for 'fast service' it was a huge disappointment. Oh for being an out of town-er was surprised to see a \"big\" dog inside with owner that was eating - guess Ithaca is a dog friendly town??!! yet there wasn't water and biscuits at the door so not sure what's up with that", 2, 1], "lXCfMPwBeaAnpQ-pthU1dw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "12/16/2016", "I regularly eat here and am always pleased with the quality. The staff are always friendly. I picked up catering here this morning and they did an outstanding job. Highly recommended.", 5, 0], "rsAtSywyqEVWVFMNrcIGVA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "10/27/2016", "This place is horrendous. I waited 35 min in the drive through line for an order that I called in over the phone. The manager on the phone didn't tell me that there was only one lane and it wasn't for pick up only - awesome. Ordered soup and salad. They gave me the wrong size soup (smaller than what I paid for), the receipt was wrong, and there was hair in my salad. I don't think it could get any worst.", 1, 0], "eT2xdrLiFYkBEmkz3xzQkg": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "9/25/2016", "Saddened to have to write this review, but having to wait 20 min for two breakfast sandwiches when there were 3 other tables of people in the entire room. Having the staff say, we ran out of eggs. Period. No apology, no \"hey sorry for the inconvenience\" nada. I could have gone to Dunkin and got a flatbread breakfast sandwich within 3 min and it is roughly the same flavor. The customer experience at this large chain was lost - sadly...", 2, 0], "ImnWdk2aPFHUTLgPrEShnQ": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "8/7/2016", "It's Panera, so you know what you're getting: fast, high quality, on the expensive side for fast food, tasty. This particular location has nice outdoor seating, a drive thru, and very friendly service. Inside seating isn't as cozy as some Paneras, but there are a few nice family booths and plenty of tables for working/studying. Oddly positioned wall fireplace without any couches or comfy chairs is a small bummer, but not a deal breaker. Always clean. Good place to go when you want a healthy lunch, quick.", 4, 0], "bEk9RVe3h_xm7PW5R-FMDQ": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "2/11/2016", "While the food itself was fine, the management and services seems to need improvement. First, they were out of stock of something I ordered, but it seems the cashier hadn't been updated on that. Then when they brought my order out, they didn't get it quite right, and as I looked at my receipt, and it was also incorrect. A similar thing happened to the table next to ours, where they ordered something but they were out of stock, and the table behind us was assumed that they wanted whipped cream without asking first.", 2, 0], "5XkahrA26tyjJZlZc9QXEA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "1/24/2016", "The place seems to be becoming worse each time we come here. Had the Thai chicken wonton soup . really bad with too much soy sauce and no chicken in dumpling that we could taste .Also had the black bean soup. Again very tasteless with just beans Only good thing was the Mediterranean sandwich.", 2, 0], "5Xq9otFMA9UTF4WsG-oavw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "1/2/2016", "Three out of four of us enjoyed our sandwiches but spouse hate hate HATED her grilled cheese: American cheese, too much bread, overpriced.", 4, 0], "M2CUMPjDruhpPS1T49z-bw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "10/25/2015", "Typical Panera. I secretly love Panera and its a very good option when you want something fast but don't want to eat too unhealthy. Plus the nice thing is you can customize your order very easily to what you want - for example whenever I get a sandwich I always ask for it on wheat bread and so on...the sandwich are all delicious, the soups are perfect for a cold winter day and the summer salad when they're in season are delicious! Tons of seating and the line moves fast generally", 4, 2], "BqqQGqAO1eLNvZMFhGgXdg": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "10/15/2015", "I love the autumn soup! I always get the Asiago bagel with cream cheese.  It's always fast and easy. Parking is sometimes an issue.  The chicken tortellini is always a favorite", 4, 0], "gyDcMCBpHI1fxCj5SJs2ig": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "9/21/2015", "It's a typical Panera Bread eatery. It's a lot cleaner than some other fast foods around town. Depending on when you go, you're gonna get service immediately, or you're going to wait for a significantly long time. Either way, the food is always fresh and the staff is always friendly. They've added the kiosks now and have the online ordering to simply and speed the process. They have also added the pagers and bring the food TO you, rather than crowd around the counter for your order. Atmosphere is typical standard issue sweatshirt, yoga pants, Ugg boots, and iPhone (with a side of Frat boy gym shorts), but the sit-and-study vibe works out well. Go for a You-Pick-Two soup and sandwich. Get the Mac and cheese and a baguette.", 4, 0], "ehxYIWqRPFx3Zggeh3G5KA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "4/3/2015", "I am a big fan of Panera Bread. The Ithaca store has the same food quality as that of other stores in the U.S. However, the ambiance is not as nice and clean as many of the locations I have been to. I would have given 4 stars if the store was a bit cleaner.", 3, 0], "VjeXv_79jaL1O-TwYmNgUQ": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "6/8/2012", "Excellent food and spacious location! If you want creative soups, salads, and sandwiches this is a great place for lunch. Quiche and pastries are yummy in the morning. Not sure why people complain about parking; there is huge lot adjacent for overflow.", 5, 0], "uE3pXEna7wHY-mQdTFy7ig": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "12/27/2011", "We became acquainted with Panera many years ago when living in the Midwest. We've made it a regular stop wherever we live or travel, and were happy to see one open here.Meh. The place is overrun with college students and knitting groups taking up tables for hours on end so there is often limited seating. The menu is the usual, but they don't quite get it right yet. And the place is not clean. They don't stay on top of keeping the tables wiped, the bathroom cleaned or the floors vacuumed. For these prices, they should do better.The parking lot out front is small, but there is a large lot adjacent to the store, so it's not the problem others are making it out to be.", 3, 1], "qfw0Uwh6k1mlCmPxr4yDSA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "12/13/2011", "This Panera is better than other ones that I've gone to. Although there is not much room for parking during busy times, additional parking is available nearby. The servers are all quite knowledgeable and are all happy to help. Their customer recovery process is also acceptable. If something is wrong, they will fix the problem. The one problem is that for the amount of food I'm getting, I think it is a little expensive.", 5, 1], "_GysqutaUQzm23AoLsOlQA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "12/8/2011", "I've eaten here several times, and I do like their menu as a change of pace. It is however a bit pricey (in my opinion), and is still fast food.....just a gussied up version of it. This particular location has very little parking. Not sure how the City of Ithaca let's some businesses utilize a postage stamp sized lot, while other projects are shot down because they don't have sufficient parking? Well, that's another argument for another day, but the lack of parking sometimes means going elsewhere for lunch, after driving though the parking lot, only to find no available spots. Bottom line, it's a decent place to eat, but sometimes not worth the hassle.", 3, 0], "RhqrPuNoWJlS3bCi97eWjA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "10/7/2011", "DAYYUMMN. These panini sandwiches be warm n gooey n flavorfill lyk u never SEEN. Tomato basil bread loaf be lyk Beyonce on my Jay-Z. Deli artists be mean tho. One them wudn't even let me holla. I lyk \"plz u ugly n e wey.\"", 5, 5], "Wo1-P9dxeSY76KRn-3pyUw": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "2/11/2011", "Yay! finally a bougie fast food joint in Ithaca. If you couldn't tell I am being sarcastic. This place uses sit down restaurant prices and ingredients ruined by an atmosphere that is at best a fast paced frenzy. The food is thrown at you in literally 2 minutes from ordering, probably faster than McDonald's. I either want to sit down and enjoy a good quality meal or fill myself up for cheap. I never really have the desire for a combination of food that is fast, dainty, and expensive. Just a weird combination to me. Not horrible food or anything, I just hate the concept.Its kind of like an upscale subway, and to me that just defeats the purpose.", 3, 2], "YruVThld39amYAZ5T1MMlA": ["Yelp", "Panera Bread", "11/8/2010", "They style themselves an upscale bakery, but Panera Bread is really just a soup, salad, and sandwich eatery with counter service. The food's not bad, but the slim portions, high prices, and general air of confusion behind the counter make it tough to justify a return visit. I've written more at 14850 Dining.dining.14850.com/directo\u2026", 2, 1]}
{"_cXswBC9OBMfQNAyTl6DUQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "2/20/2019", "Favorite place to hit up for Chinese-Korean food- or at least the best 3 dishes they have to offer (in my humble opinion). Pictured here are the black bean noodles and sweet and sour chicken (jjajangmyun, tangsuyuk). I've recently came back from Korea and I'd say that they're both pretty authentic and tasty. A bit expensive for the tangsuyuk, but share it with a couple friends and it's definitely worth. Not pictured here but also a fave is the jjampong (seafood soup). Portion sizes are great-- don't expect too much service here, but it's part of the charm!", 4, 0], "TCinRf9ZspdMIdGqYfZgag": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "12/8/2018", "Authentic spicy dry hot pot. Very small portion for 17.99.. crazy. Won't come again. Wish the owners could be more generous.", 4, 0], "I6Fl7UxhdmXD3JIb_BLOkQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "12/2/2018", "Okay indoor environment. The bibimbap seems not authentic, seems more like Chinese food on rice.", 3, 0], "PvIDRlLlyavjN1tiTgexlA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "11/13/2018", "Chicken soup was fine. Similar dishes with those in east Asia. Fair atmosphere. Good service.", 4, 0], "aNWCI-0YRUyMgg5OdwOtJg": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "9/28/2018", "The service there is rude, and the ingredient is not fresh. I would recommend other Korean/Chinese in Collegetown.", 2, 0], "qtBs1GFbCFuWJHzz8i6HJA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "9/7/2018", "A little better than Four Seasons (hence the 2 stars), but still very underwhelming food. I'm not sure what is up with the Korean restaurants in Collegetown. Almost everything on the menu doesn't use real Korean ingredients such as ground up dried red chili pepper or paste. They try to substitute with chili oil and it tastes more like those imitation Panda Express pop ups at the mall than anything Korean. The dishes that somewhat resemble the food it should actually taste like... their jjambbong... have tons of MSG.My advice is to go to the Korean market and just buy the pul-moo-won refrigerated noodles and food. It will be much better and actually more healthier.", 2, 0], "AKY50tqjMyUFh6qUot33Aw": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "5/7/2018", "their dishes are extremely hit or miss depending on the exact type of dish u order. i like their broth based dishes and some of their select chinese-korean foods.... but i really like the owner lady as she is very friendly to me. thus, this is a biased rating.... prolly deserves 3 stars.", 4, 0], "hJ-_EAI5370Y1NJWGCkJLQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "3/17/2018", "I had a ok experience here the first time eating korean food so I haven't come back in a while. But a friend recommended the Mala Xiangguo here so I came back, and it was pretty good. The corn pancake was also really good dipped in condensed milk that we asked for. The owner is super nice and tried to make our meal the best it can be. Would recommend to get some authentic chinese food in Ithaca", 4, 0], "G75WlJmXUmVVENABEjdu6Q": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "12/7/2017", "Severe hygiene issues.I watched the waitress clean the window using Windex using her bare hands and then, without washing her hands, handle food.When she cleared the plates from one table, she would set the large dirty plate tub on the adjacent table. That dirty plate tub looked filthy. When the next party came in, she sat them at the table that just had the tub placed on it, and the table wasn't wiped.Food wise, their banchan (Korean side dishes) is abysmal. They don't serve cabbage kimchi; instead, there is a weird-tasting daikon kimchi, along with various others that are scrapped together.If you can tolerate these issues and various others, their Soon Doobu Jigae is better than Koko's and Four Seasons'.", 2, 0], "F8Tl5yuLkgd8Qo0vw0tIKQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "11/22/2017", "Great service and great food.Beijing style Zhajiang Noodle was great !! Highly recommended", 5, 0], "BSOFV5yEbWmtpNutVWMmwQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "10/30/2017", "The new MaLaXiangGuo dish is so good. I'm glad that it comes in a one-person portion, unlike in usual cases where MaLaXiangGuo comes in a big bowl for at least 3 people. Soon Dooboo Soup could be better but it's the best to me in Ithaca.", 3, 0], "c8lCELCjHwnjqZrJS7Ah4g": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "8/25/2017", "Great restaurant! Strongly recommended the lunch box series. Its good price and good quality of the food.", 4, 0], "fCImqWdR069oKjC2zss4xQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "8/18/2017", "The food was always mediocre to no, but I've just given up on giving them any more chances. The service wasn't great (slow, mixed up food, etc.), the soft tofu soup just tasted all wrong and weak (besides, I didn't realize it had large chunks of both zucchini and onions, neither of which I like), and the chopsticks were so soft they felt like they were rotting. I will admit it's very cheap and that's about all it has going for it. Apparently some of my friends find it passable, but the true friends don't (jk, I love all of you guys). Seriously, it's so close to where I live, but I'm just not about it at all.", 1, 0], "F48BRrdtiqTsoeJ7ZfWY5g": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "7/25/2017", "I had high hopes for this place because of its four stars rating. I was craving for Korean style Chinese food. The staff appeared to be Chinese, not Korean. They also have extreme limited English, which made it difficult to order. I ordered three basic dishes for a Korean style Chinese restaurant: fried dumplings, chajangmyun and champon. The dumplings were obviously not home made. They were frozen packaged dumplings. To make matters worse, they burnt the dumplings, making the skin dark and crunchy and dry. Chajangmyun was also not home made. It was also from a package. I know it well because I have had that package chajangmyun before. Fine for $5 package food. Not fine as an $8 dish at a restaurant.Champon was unremarkable and bland spicy soup with noodle from the same package chajangmyun that I had just tried. And they added broccoli into the soup. What champon place does that? Not authentic at all. For nearly $13, I expect much better.The service was fair but the cook kept loudly shouting Korean-Chinese mixed swear words at the waiter throughout the dinner, ruining further an already unpleasant dining experience. Between multiple \"mother----cker\" and other choice Korean swear words, I just felt sorry for the waiter.Avoid this place like the plague.", 1, 1], "vSwM1RqOu26FpmwoVJpsuQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "7/3/2017", "Very delicious and impressed! Tried many Korean restaurants in nyc before, this is one of the most impressed restaurant I have ever had. Simple dishes, but good taste!", 5, 0], "MaHjdaco85Dm3RfRlKtl3w": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "7/3/2017", "We are group of four ordering two Ja Jang Myun, Soon Dooboo, Fried Rice omelet and chicken wings. They are good and delicious. Soon dooboo is very good, one of the best ones we've ever had. Ja jang myun and fried rice omelet taste good too, exactly what we want. It's a home style restaurant.", 5, 0], "I30kQ4v7tuQWE_KvHIkpKg": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "5/23/2017", "The budae jigae was tasty. The Korean side dishes were really good too. Service was prompt", 5, 0], "KmvABsgG3-H5SYs4Z__Q4A": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "9/24/2016", "Some of the best korean food you will get for the price (i.e. lunch specials), especially here in Ithaca. I come here often for lunch and leave satisfied. I will continue coming here.", 4, 0], "kKdVEMFnW_jtjegeK-HBFg": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "8/24/2016", "I had never had the best soft tofu jjigae before I had one in Gang Nam Station! I tried so many different places in NY, but nothing can compare to this!It was beyond my expectation.. So yummy :)", 5, 0], "GTu9Hwogtkeclu8AH55JNA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "8/4/2016", "The owner/waitress that works here is absolutely the best on service. She's super sweet and nice. This place is good for lunch, since their lunch specials save you about $1-5 on certain dishes but I'd consider it a bit expensive for dinner.JaJangMyun - best dish by far and definitely worth it for the amount they give. The noodles were super chewy and the sauce was extremely tasty and included a fair amount of pork. Bulgogi Lunch Special - not the best of dishes for someone looking for a lot of meat, that being said it still tasted rather good. typical bento box style, everything was pretty standard. the bulgogi was more of a stir fry with a lot of veggies than a typical kbbq.Budae Jigae - The soup itself was pretty good, definitely better and more spiced than the soondobu soup from koko's. Since the description included ramen I was expecting more of a ramen based noodle soup, but it's more soup with a bunch of random meats (include cut up hot dog(?) and vegetables with a splash of ramen). It did include a lot of kimchi though, so is definitely good for people looking for a kimchi type soup.Kimchi Fried Ramyun - definitely would not recommend getting this. The ramen was fried to the point of being more soggy, and again, there wasn't much ramyun, but an overload of kimchi. It also just didn't have a good taste overall.", 4, 3], "g723mlYnOvqOa1uqskSxvA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "7/18/2016", "Food was just ok. The amount was so small. We may not recommend this place.", 2, 0], "baP6tJnlDHuLoGhKzmJJyw": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "6/5/2016", "So delicious! I love Korean food. I had fried tofu and vegetables which was hot and yummy. The service was friendly and helpful. I will definitely eat here again.", 4, 0], "LGbOCdPBrTM8vVTdBd23pg": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "6/4/2016", "SUPER delicious food and awesome service. It's kimchi hotpot is to die for! You definitely get both quantity and quality for the amount they're charging.^^ It's a small place with attentive servers and a good atmosphere. Definitely coming back next time after a good hike!", 5, 0], "8AKx86mbUuPbL3x5bWr71w": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "4/30/2016", "YOOOO this place is horrible. I was completely ripped off. not even going to say anything else about it because it's just a waste of time. I wouldn't go here if I just came out of the desert and the food was free. that's how annoyed I am.", 1, 0], "pMJy1k3moAFoZVWcXDZElA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "3/26/2016", "The food was really good and the owner was very nice. He came over to our table and explained to us that there was a new chef who didn't use MSGs in the food. He gave us some kimchi jjigae on the house to try, and true to his word, it was very good and tasted like home cooking. I would recommend the kkanpoong shrimp, kimchi jjigae, and jjamppong the most. The other things on the menu are great as well but those three are my favorite. The kkanppong shrimp is especially crunchy and tasty, and I think even those not familiar to Asian food would enjoy it as well.", 5, 1], "IqFzNfRtdjsvYzxoLiLEvA": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "3/18/2016", "Not a bad place to get a quick fix for dinner, and fairly priced for quality and potions. I recommend the bulgogi brisket BBQ or the black bean noodles. The spicy noodle soup begs for more seafood. Great side dishes, quick service, and a clean environment. Lunch special prices are fair. Recommended.", 4, 0], "ndVKk0XRUEZJb_3geuCbww": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "2/23/2016", "I got the spicy seafood soup. It was pretty good and really authentic. The portion size was pretty small for the amount of money I was paying though. There was hardly any seafood in the soup. The soup tastes way better than the tofu soup from Koko's.Another reason why I have a 3/5 is because the hours are so random! I never know when they're open. I just happened to walk by once when they were open for dinner. I want to come back for lunch and try their lunch menu.", 3, 3], "IWAlORAHsRyeYF6XEHbuUg": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "2/7/2016", "Didn't like the food at all, the spicy seafood soup barely had any seafood and cost $15 at lunchtime. I think the other korean restaurants in the area are better/more authentic.", 1, 0], "y6pPZvzikUoqVWiX4ZA0-A": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "12/3/2015", "The Jajangmyeon (on the menu as noodles with brown sauce, vegetables and pork) is spot on and comes with a lot of pork compared to other versions I've had. Lunch prices are reasonable. Their banchan selection is above average for Ithaca. I'll be back again.", 5, 0], "GHN6sWI5tGbnCNF5AJ0ysw": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "11/13/2015", "Not too much to say -- the food was ok, not great, but that's its market. A casual place to eat.", 3, 0], "0TPoCiNqHuueodo6F7t9pQ": ["Yelp", "Gangnam Station", "11/6/2015", "Cozy Korean/Chinese food in collegetown. My personal favorite is the spicy seafood soup noodle.The Korean owner also speaks Chinese. He's been in the area for a while and very friendly.I recently discovered that they serve soju and beer as well.", 4, 0]}
{"b6yN8-k2pdhh3p9-oVnD_Q": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "1/5/2019", "I did the Blazin' challenge three times here. The sauce is gross, but the fun burning sensation that came out of me the next day... Well, you can imagine. If you're going to do the challenge drink a large glass of Metamucil before and this will help with the after burner issue.", 2, 1], "I_62Uj4rUg_wyhdtxFPiHg": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "8/30/2018", "WINGS - I like the sauce flavors, but $75 for three people? Are you freaking kidding me! At Fat Jacks, I can get 50 wings for $45, and the quality is comparable.", 3, 0], "v17kOWdnsTge6l3ZBFi14A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "8/8/2018", "I had a particularly sad experience here. The place was almost completely empty and yet somehow service was worse than if it was completely full. This location really reflects the struggles that BWW is having at a national level. If you need sports and beer this is fine. If you need anything else, go somewhere else.", 2, 1], "WHb7Jh5JDiR0YMjD7mr2WA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "7/17/2018", "I called the night before to see if they would be open for the World Cup. They were, and they would be opening up at 10:30 just for the Cup. Needless to say, my friends arrived as a crowd was beginning to form, as would be expected. From what I could see, there were only 3 people working on orders and seating people. We ordered drinks that were basically never refilled because our server was so busy with little help.Apparently, there was also a special deal for wings during the World Cup. My friends and I ordered and 10 minutes later found out the system had not been updated and they couldn't make the deal happen? Then, as the World Cup happened, we waited and waited for our food eventually getting our food with 5 minutes of the cup left. The food was mediocre at best - for a place with wings in the name they were surprisingly not great.I have always thought of BWW as an option for big sporting events, as that is most of their market, but it seems they really blew this. When I called it sounded like they were expecting a crowd because they're a sports bar, but it looked like they couldn't handle a high volume of customers.Go there for dinner - but if it's a sporting event, just go to your friends house.", 1, 1], "WQaAzlCIhEPI94uuIAvHWw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "4/11/2018", "I love stopping in here! They remember me, and my usual order. Warm and friendly staff, good food and a relaxing atmosphere. For a chain location this is great! Stop and see Cynthia, great bartender!", 5, 1], "RWnVrruq0LKlH8zOdcho_w": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "2/21/2018", "I ordered a fucking quesadilla that said it comes with sour cream and when I got my food I saw no side of sour cream so I reminded the waiter I wanted sour cream and he brought me a side of tartar sauce", 1, 0], "3hWMdVOxRcYuka06eN_-QA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "2/6/2018", "Fantastic beers on tap. Love the southwestern black bean burger and the Blazin Points!", 5, 0], "JM_ibsRY2HTYVpHE2cyhFw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "11/22/2017", "I've tried almost all their flavor of wings hoping to find something remotely palatable. Just awful tasting wings. Asian Zing is the only flavor I can stomach. So today, I tried my first BWW burger. A simple, no frills, cheeseburger. It didn't taste of beef at all. Maybe a vegan burger? Or maybe horse or perhaps goat or yak? Can't describe the taste other than it was probably the worst burger I've ever had.Coupled with the sexist fact that the homliest girls work there, no reason to return.Except I'm a trivia junkie and I love the Buzztime.But alas, nobody in the joint plays other than myself.So sad.The place is usually empty - don't know how they stay in business.Lotsa TVs though for the sports fan.", 2, 0], "ApmGXm9ImVJ3CwhfnYEi9A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/29/2017", "We were here on this Saturday and the place had maybe 5 tables seated including us. Our waitress was terrible, never came to our table to the point that we went to the bar to get drinks. She then got upset that this happened, and complained to the other waitresses that we didn't order through her? Then our food came and little things like the sauces we were given were wrong. I doubt I'll ever be back to this place.", 1, 1], "Jeat2q2QlUfT2tHhlxUDMw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "7/21/2017", "We came into this place right as it opened (11am), and pretty sure we were the first people to come in. Their wings are usually very delicious, in my experience... but the wings here were not as tasty at all at this location. They weren't even properly coated with the sauce. I feel like they weren't cooked properly, the skin on the wings was really crispy and crunchy. The nachos, though, were good, just wish they put added a little more cheese. Wait staff was really nice, but the food took close to 40 minutes to arrive at our table. So all in all, I would avoid this place.", 2, 1], "hmQVlQRF4tUPPUkP-BKS0w": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "5/23/2017", "Service is the worst I've had in all of ithaca. I see about 8 people working here for 7 tables and they all somehow manage to stay far away like they have a restraining order from you. Food is equally awful. You can tell its unfrozen/packaged. Stay far away from the nachos, they are the definition of an L.Go anywhere else. Maybe come here to get drunk. Do not come here for the food...", 1, 2], "NahbVwKiyRAW_ElJyL6iaA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/12/2016", "Great wingsBe sure to order themYou can select how spicy you like them from a great selection of sauces arranged on a scale.Hamburger not so muchA lot of TV screens playing sportsWonderful for a game night I presume.", 4, 0], "Ier4PgVs0JpOIUGkWKtNrw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "8/7/2016", "It took 50 minutes for the staff to turn the channel on a tv. The tv was showing 90's basketball between the Pacers and Knicks, but ZERO tvs were showing the Sunday showcase baseball game of the week. 4 innings later, and four requests later the channel was finally changed to the baseball game. Thanks, but I've already finished my meal! How difficult is it to have tvs set to live sports?! Incompetent fools work here. I'm not one to give poor reviews, but how hard is it change the channel?!", 1, 1], "FoqH1cz64d2-T-i_PDaJDg": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "1/9/2016", "I never once in the entire 5 years that I have been cooking, and served through various restaurants have I ever gotten a hair in my food until this place. Good enough the manager took it of my bill yet, this make me think how sanitary is this place. The table was partially dirty the hostess had no concept of where to seat people. Would I suggest this place not really unless it was a last option available. Let alone the waitress not knowing what was going on with everything. The entire crew here is scattered and have no idea how to be the crowd pleaser restaurant that they were made and meant to be. I'd look into new manage at this point before they take a down fall for the worst.", 1, 2], "BH60IM_LggdJlafk2oSR8A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "7/21/2015", "The blandest chicken I've ever had was from here. I would be surprised if they did anything more than microwave it without any seasoning. The service is decent and the rest of the menu is average to good. The mixed drinks are sugary and weak with a few exceptions. They have more sports than the rest of Ithaca so there's that.", 2, 1], "USuAS-f5j7FRKyAXXJc9XA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "3/29/2015", "I like the Ithaca branch more than their stores in other cities. The Ithaca branch is cleaner and less noisy. You do not see those loud sports fanatics in the Ithaca store. The staff are more friendly and typically younger. The food quality is the same as their other stores though.", 3, 0], "A1DvMWZTvd91AMSy1ZbO7A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "2/1/2015", "They don't train their receptionist, hostess, and servers at all. We tried to make a reservation via phone but they said they don't take a reservation. We went early enough to take a seat and they said all tables are \"reserved\" . What a great service... Even though they have a lot of college kids, or even younger, they should not give themselves an excuse for giving poor quality of service to customer.", 1, 1], "lZ9SCpQIx4x7tePtCjhVpw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "11/16/2014", "If you think the service is shitty just wait till you get the food. Wings reminded me of frozen ones you get in a bag and bake at home. The popcorn shrimp was out of a bag too. At least the celery wasn't frozen it was too limp for that. Perhaps the worst bleu cheese dressing ever too. We did love the fries however and the Cobb salad was pretty good. Service means serving. Give me more than a single napkin. Don't disappear and make me ask another server for refills.", 2, 4], "1Y9QIELMFxKDEDZm8pyo7A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "11/1/2014", "After our last (horrible) visit, I submitted a complaint online and was shocked when a manager got back to me a few days later. She offered us some gift certificates and we went back a few weeks later. The staff was much friendlier and more trained on that visit and I really appreciate that the manager followed through with us and with her staff!", 4, 0], "qewu7p8FfRGcQ_QxTRHTBA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "5/29/2014", "It's pretty much your typical Buffalo Wild Wings. Lots of Wing variety as well as a wide selection of beers and other drinks. The food was good as usual and our server was very friendly . My only complaint was that it took forever to get both our drinks and food. We actually got our food before our drinks. It didn't seem to crowded either so I couldn't figure out what the hold up was.", 3, 0], "i3TgwaWlof9CCsmxJ52JjQ": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "12/2/2013", "I came here on a Saturday night looking for a place to watch a boxing ppv. I was surprised when I came here and the place was empty. I was able to get any seat my heart desired.I ordered some wings and drinks. They were awesome. I've tried many different sauces at Buffalo WIld Wings, and always come back to the Honey BBQ flavor.The waitress thought that I ordered the Cinnamon Squares by mistake, and I decided to try them. They were awesome! Not something I thought I would enjoy, but I'm glad the waitress brought them over.By the time the boxing match started, this place was packed. So make sure you come here early for the games.", 4, 2], "07RI1ekzK7qB3Y59pqRCyw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "11/18/2013", "National Franchise. It is what it is. Something like 50 TV screens showing sports.  Food served in paper bowls and plastic baskets. Food quality around what you'd find in a mega mall food court, loaded with salt. Most items are fried. Plenty of choices for wing sauce, but no \"authentic\" Buffalo wings with Franks.", 2, 1], "RhHbi4tV8gHY4YlzZpCd7A": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/16/2013", "Came here for MNF and it was EMPTY...WEIRD.Also, the bartenders do NOT know how to pour beer....if you order a large, you'll be lucky if you get 2/3 full....the rest is all foam.TRUST ME, I ordered 2 just to make sure -_-", 2, 3], "qFwFLstYfyAipdC5_57ITg": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/6/2013", "Being at a Buffalo Wild Wings for a Buffalo Bills game in Bills territory was quite unique. People were very friendly and an excellent party atmosphere. The barmaid was very helpful and attentive. Enjoyed the dry thai wings as well as the wet hot wings. They have great sauces and variety. Local beers were what made the difference.", 4, 0], "D2A8P5Hed026kjEVJBiwYA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/2/2013", "We love this place! The sauce on the wings are just rich and tasty! I love the potato wedges and onion rings too!", 5, 0], "in_HoEDCP1OBiskJ5mhuRw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "8/10/2013", "We go to BW's all the time at our home town. I love the on-line trivia. So when we were on the road in Ithaca we wanted to watch our home town Tigers play the rival Indians and what better place to play trivia and get an out of town game than BWW.The place is big, plenty of TV's and the staff worked hard to find our out of town game and to put us in a place where we could both see our game and play trivia.I'm not a giant fan of their wings but had a really good flatbread and my friend had their new salad with shrimp. Prices are good and the beer is cold.Had a really good time. Our boys won their ballgame and I had a friendly competition on trivia with a bunch of people sitting out on the patio. I'd go back.", 3, 0], "aNATJHy90vUDlSblurEcsQ": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "6/5/2013", "This is my go to wing place in Ithaca so far (I've yet to go to Wings Over Ithaca).I love dry rubs on wings and this place satisfies that with the chipotle barbeque and desert heat seasonings. Their wings are always juicy, meaty and pretty large for wings which is great.Their service is usually good too, I've gotten great service but at the same time I remember one waiter who was pretty bad and didn't check our id's either for drinks. Overall though I go here quite often and will probably continue to do so. Their prices are affordable and their food is great.", 4, 1], "RAT-O5W5h3hQkUS0huKqFw": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "2/14/2013", "Not sure why this place has such bad reviews from the people before me, but this place is quite good in my opinion. Granted, I only come here for the discounted wings tuesdays, the wings are good quality and taste quite good as it is standard throughout the BWW chains across the nation. I don't see any differences with this one although one time i had issues getting the attention of waiters and sometimes food took a while to arrive, hence the 4 star.", 4, 5], "nmKtUAk_rhVlfVP0on3qGg": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "10/25/2012", "I like the sports bar feel, but the wings were kind of soggy and the sauces were not great. good place for a drink and to watch tv.", 2, 1], "iUplfnblBPecrrNZG7j4vA": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "9/27/2012", "I'd never been to a Buffalo Wild Wings before, but after seeing the near-endless number of commercials that they buy on every single channel, I figured I would give it a shot.Wow, bad call. The wings were pretty mediocre (Wings Over Ithaca blows them away in this department.) And the waitress we had was incompetent.  The place was completely empty except for one other table, and somehow our entire order was mangled. Wrong flavor on wings, double charged on beverages, beverages that never came, no celery, no refills on water, etc. She basically took our order, gave us a random assortment of food, then never came back until it was time to pay.I'm usually not one to complain about service to management (in fact, I usually hate to do so), but this was a rare exception. The manager dutifully corrected the bill (it took about 20 minutes while we sat there doing nothing). Nothing was comped on the check, but as a gesture of goodwill, he proudly gave us a small card from his pocket.  Was it his business card, with a request to came back and let them \"make it right\"? No. It was a coupon for free six wings. With the purchase of 24. During non-peak dining hours. On weekdays. On weekdays that don't fall on their weekly recurring wing specials. Consulting my calendar, we determined that it could probably be redeemed on a Tuesday at 4pm. Maybe. It was moot, because we weren't going back.", 1, 25], "aTgM56ncgaKIzWYf0U1igQ": ["Yelp", "Buffalo Wild Wings", "9/25/2012", "Just your typical sports bar. Nothing special. Had the flat bread pizza, which was ok. A little too much cheese and grease.Rather dead during the day with random fans wearing jerseys of teams only they care about.Meh.", 3, 1]}
{"e97UZsMdUFRepSPrbhiA7g": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/2/2018", "The pizza is good, but be warned if you are ordering take-out with certain toppings. Even if you wait a few minutes, the cheese can be so hot that it's still basically liquid and the toppings and cheese can slide around. This is a thing with all pizzas everywhere - and being warm and gooey is usually good - but its next-level here. I had all the cheese cheese and toppings sliding around like they were soup and the whole pizza was messed up, even though I held it upright and carried it about 200 feet from the store. This isn't a problem with plain cheese pizza - and the pizza when not ruined is good - but this is just an infuriatingly stupid problem for a Pizza place to have.", 1, 0], "u6QjMBwCXnjf_te9DAJUTQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "3/11/2018", "Today was a very surprising day regarding our CTP order. We've ordered from there 2 times before via Grub Hub once they popped up as serving our address.The first time they delivered normally, and the food was very good, the second time we ordered our order was canceled right away as there was no driver available. That's totally understandable no issue there. Then a few days ago we called and ordered an extra-large baked ziti pie to pick up on the way home and that was also excellent. This order however was one of the most bizarre experiences I've ever had in my life. About 90 minutes after our order was placed we received a call from CTP telling us that their delivery driver walked out once they saw the order was going to Brooktondale. And that they don't deliver to our area / have been having trouble with Grub Hub showing that they do. But they're going to have the owner or manager on duty deliver our food personally and not to worry because it has been under a heat lamp, so it'll still be hot. At this point I'm wondering why they didn't just cancel our order right off the bat, I mean if you don't want to deliver to where we are then don't do it. Take responsibility for your business and take care of the issue with Grub Hub while canceling orders out side of your delivery area. Without fail the food comes and the pizza is barely luke warm, basically cold and not very appealing. The sides we ordered however were fine, so we called Grub Hub hoping to either get our pizza replaced or get a refund so that we could order from somewhere else. The Grub Hub rep calls CTP and is told by a manager named John that they won't issue a refund for something they can't see but they offered to send out a driver with a new pizza and pick up the old one. I asked if there would be some kind of time estimate / guarantee that this wouldn't happen again since they don't deliver to our area but are now willing to re-deliver to our area???The Grub Hub rep talked to John and came back with the following options that all required us to call CTP directly to set up a replacement. 1. Schedule a replacement / pickup delivery with no time guarantee because it's a busy Friday night.2. Drive the pizza back to CTP ourselves and pick up a refund for the pizza and a new pizza. We decided to go with option two, so we got off the phone with Grub Hub and called CTP only to be told that John wasn't there and there's not going to be a manager available until Wednesday. When I asked if there was anyone else to talk to we were told no that we needed to call back on Wednesday. I asked how we were supposed to get our pie replaced and if I was supposed to keep it until Wednesday and I was put on hold and then hung up on. Not wanting to give up without checking on all options we called the number back that had called us earlier to tell us why our order was so late. Immediately I was met with someone yelling at me about how I was told to never call them again which isn't true. I then tried to ask about what I'm supposed to do with the pizza and the man yelled that \"They know where we live\" so I need to stop calling them back. When I said \"What?\" the man repeated himself that we need to stop calling because \"They know where we live\".At this point after clearly being threatened I got off the phone and called the Tompkins county Sherriff and described the situation. They dispatched a trooper to our house for my wife and I to give them a statement as I wanted to make sure this was documented in case this individual wound up doing something crazy. After the trooper left we then called Grub Hub back and due to the new circumstances, they refunded our pizza and the tip. It's important to note that I only wanted to be refunded for the pie and now tip because of the complete lack of service and being threatened. We still paid for the sides because we're not greedy or bad people just trying to get a free meal. If I could give this place negative stars I would, suffice to say we will never be going back to this place again and I will tell anyone that will listen about the terrible experience that we had tonight. If you value your family's safety I'd recommend not ordering from this establishment.", 1, 4], "r1ISQh5cvVhvCudkvEYZYA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/20/2017", "I've come here for four years and I can honestly say it's not worth your money or time. It's a collegetown pizza joint with a less than pleasant environment and even less accommodating staff. I tried everything here - big tips, complementing the chefs, Everything. Despite being a loyal customer, my orders were forgotten on multiple occasions and they failed to tell me they were out of stock of various items I had already ordered online/over the phone. The worst service I've had in decades.", 1, 3], "hPaxu8lSsf5iiJm3WgJQWg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "10/6/2016", "amazing food. Would bang. AgAin. and again. Really great cheese pizza and seating area. a great end to the night. Part of what gives Ithaca the ~ithaca~ vibes", 5, 2], "6oDE17WYIunKDVtcmeuAew": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "8/8/2016", "Disgusting. There were flies all over the pizzas and the workers were completely indifferent. Completely unsanitary.", 1, 3], "AgpOQPxVUn6gVHWxuTzldg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "7/14/2016", "Worst pizza I've ever had. Not only that, made me sick afterwards. Extremely rude staff. Yelled at me because HE misheard me. If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.", 1, 2], "YD_81NYysmcZuLdvx_j3Xg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "6/11/2016", "Has this place ever been cleaned? Where is the Department of Health? The floors are beyond dirty and the walls are covered in some sort of filth. Late night pizza, even after a night of drinking is gross. Seriously, how is a restaurant allowed to be so dirty? By the way, the pizza isn't particularly good anymore.", 1, 4], "Tn_xXqfvdhL0w8zLkFcIbQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "4/16/2016", "I ordered an XL meat lovers pizza from here last night. it was $30 to have it delivered.all I can say is: pizza was yummy. but no way in hell does the taste match the price. that is all.", 3, 1], "h-dy-yZ8Z3C-nAgP4h_WpQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "2/7/2016", "Yesterday I had pizza at Zachary's in Berkeley and it was ok. Today I had pizza here and it was amazing. The Chicken Parmesan pizza is one of the best pizzas I ever tasted. Fair price, quick service and delivery, and polite staff. In the battle of Ivy League pizza, which is something I invented, Cornell is winning. Try this place!", 5, 0], "zuLCyORDXRRGDouPInwCcA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "8/28/2015", "Pizza is mediocre. Good enough for those midnight cravings. The staff is RUDE. The man behind the counter literally snapped his fingers at me, asking for my card. I will not be back here; I don't need to be treated that way.", 1, 3], "LLL8pgniMBmX0cQHpKzlRA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/8/2015", "My fav place in town since tthe old location, next to Stellar. They always make great chicken wings and really fresh pizza. One thing I like is they're really have a great consistant for both customer service and food quality. I really like it. And two things I don't like is the chicken wing sauce is venigar smells too strong and the table and the window are not really clean and always dusty. But overall it's my long time great place to hang out.", 5, 0], "TO8Wuo4-Ort2fmO4-BDDhA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "3/29/2015", "Pretty low quality pizza and quite expensive. I once liked their chicken club sandwich but the quality was never consistent. One time, it was so terrible that convinced me to give up buying the sandwich.", 1, 0], "PRt0R04YOS-DCU3ajSK7Mw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "11/23/2014", "We ordered a large pizza from CTP for delivery today and were BEYOND disappointed. We paid $21.50 for a large pizza and two water bottles, which is outrageous. I wouldn't have been so upset with the price had the service been better.We ordered the pizza in the early afternoon and waited for a good 45 minutes; there was no call about our order. I then got a call from a woman at CTP claiming that the delivery driver had been trying to call me on my cell, but could not reach me. Beyond bad customer service for blaming the customer when we had not received a call. She proceeded to ask me if this had been the correct number saying I gave them the wrong number. It seemed that this would indeed be the right number if we were talking on the phone on this number, right? She then very rudely told me she would send the driver back in a very sarcastic tone saying that this was a waste of time on their part. I admit I tried to remain calm throughout this whole conversation; the tone she was using was absurdly rude and inappropriate.When the pizza guy did come, he was extremely rude when calling me that he was outside our building. He hung up on me when I said I would go outside. Instead of going outside myself, someone else went out to pick it up. The deliverer called my friend \"impatient\" and a few other words that are inappropriate to post here. My friend did respond to this as he, too, was very frustrated. The pizza was cold and hard. The cheese was artificial and the whole thing tasted like plastic.The irony of this whole experience is that we're hospitality majors and we're doing a project on bad restaurants. Looks like we found one.I vow I will never return to CTP. I am disgusted with not only the food, but the service. They should really shape up their business. It's ludicrous to believe that they're even still in business. The owners need to evaluate their business and train their employees better. CTP lacks professionalism and good service that restaurants are without a doubt expected to have.", 1, 5], "6VVutxgYmD9qvhXCwQ6aLg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "9/14/2014", "I've never been quite a big fan of CTP, but their service and product are both so horrific that I've decided that putting up with it is not worth it.Product:When they don't mess up your order, the pizza itself is mediocre at best. I've been going for the past 2 years and I've never tried a slice there that was phenomenal. On top of that, slices are now $3.50 each. That's absurdly high given that I could buy a full Papa John's pie for the price of 2 slices of CTP's junk.Service:The other day I ordered a simple plain slice. What I got back was a charred mess. I would have expected that the chef would say \"Looks like we overcooked it, would you like another slice instead?\" But no, the chef did not ask that. When I politely pointed out that my slice was burnt and I wanted a new one, the guy tried to charge me again for his mistake. That should have been the end of it, but it wasn't. I went back later that week, to maybe give them another shot. When I reached the front of the line to order, the man behind the counter skipped over me and asked what a large group behind me wanted, first. When I politely tried to chime in after the other group so I could get my snack, the guy skipped me, again for a group behind me.Disclaimer:I understand that they have to put up with drunk college kids, but that in no way excuses their service issues. Other stores in the area provide perfect service to both drunk and sober clientele.", 2, 1], "mHGr1kahrS2eAzu0pa93Iw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "6/14/2014", "I recently ordered a burger from this establishment, which was quite delicious, but I more so had a problem with the service. Long story short, my failure to tip got me a major tongue lashing from David, a CTP employee. I received my food and we went our separate ways. David then calls me back asking for a tip and when I tell him that I decided not to tip that is when he proceeds to blow up on me and tell me how I shouldn't be ordering out if I can't afford to tip. I've never received treatment like that from any employee at any eatery. I'm confused as to why he even felt comfortable enough to call a customer and begin to snap on them for not tipping him. He sure as hell won't be getting a tip any time soon with that attitude. I was offended and appalled to be treated in such a way by David. I hope CTP does something about it and does not allow him to continue treating customers in this way. They'd be turning away good business if they do.", 1, 4], "bCSVqlzz53vcOpexY4JMIg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "2/16/2014", "Pizza is pretty good but at $3.50/slice, kind of pricey relative to peers. I had a slice each of chicken broccoli and pepperoni.", 3, 0], "XRix2xim4FxeYJPBbUK6hQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "12/14/2013", "I wish I could give this restaurant zero stars. I ordered a 30 dollar order and tipped incredibly generously. I've been waiting almost two full hours now for my delivery man, and they are ignoring all calls, despite being open for 30 more minutes. I'd love to comment on the quality of the food as well, but I have yet to experience it.", 1, 2], "DZds3AIVCLMn7Aa7nF1YdA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "9/18/2013", "Decent pizza, but $3.50 per slice is pretty steep. There is a lot of variety though. I liked the usual pepperoni and sausage pizzas. I tried the barbecue chicken once and wasn't a fan because the barbecue sauce easily overpowers the taste of the rest of the pizza. There are lots of other interesting-looking options but I haven't tried them yet. Also, compared to other places, I really like the crust their pizzas have.Chicken wings here are pretty good too, but they kinda overdo it with the sauce. I didn't think having the box tilted slightly in the bag would be a big deal but so much sauce flowed out.They're pretty fast at getting your pizzas ready, but other than that, their service could use some work. One time I asked for a slice to go with an order of chicken wings so I could bring it back to my office, and the guy rolled his eyes at me, like it was an inconvenience for him to give me a box for a single slice. I don't see what the big deal is; those boxes are barely big enough to fit two slices anyway.Despite all the bad things I pointed out, it does make a good late night option and occasional lunch stop when I need something quick.", 3, 2], "g_oeXOJ1VerulaVFXYM4kw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "6/2/2013", "Don't be thrown off by the graffiti all over the wall, this place has very good pizza. OK the new location doesn't have any graffiti :( . I love my crust thin and crunchy and CTP does the best job. Plus they are lightning fast, and open way late at night. Unfortunately the place is kind of expensive for the amount of pizza you get.", 3, 0], "2F5vWmvJPxYSlnFSgPw_Nw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "2/4/2013", "The Good: Okay this pizza tastes good and there is a lot of different slices to choose from and the taste is 4/5.The Bad: each slice is $3.5, now I don't know about you but I can get a medium pizza from dominoes for $7 and it will taste almost the same.", 3, 1], "m15X6cF8-_uycdwOBwUdhQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "12/10/2012", "I'll give College Town Pizza 4 stars, but not for being especially \"good\" pizza, or anything life-changing. Instead, I'm giving 4 stars for being the only pizza place in town that makes a decent NY-style pie. The crust is thin, but not crackery. The sauce is simple and garlicky, not too sweet or overloaded with dried oregano. And the cheese is that glorious, gooey mass that smothers the entire thing, with that familiar fluorescent orange greasy glisten. Basically, it's an oily gutbomb of a pizza. But, as a displaced, homesick New Yorker, this is the type of pizza I want when I get a pizza craving. If you want a thick-crusted pizza with tons of toppings, or an artisan pie with locally-sourced ingredients, or a papa john's knockoff, this is NOT the place for you (not that there's anything wrong with any of those!) But if you're like me, and miss the slightly shady by-the-slice joints that exist on every corner in the NY tri-state area, this is your best bet. It's not the greatest NY-style pizza, but it'll satisfy the nostalgia.", 4, 0], "_TFQy47NGeafBXniZOSLOA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "6/29/2012", "Maybe it's because I just had Mama Teresa's a few days ago, but this is probably the best pizza in Collegetown. It's mediocre NY style pizza- thin crust, decent sauce, a fair bit of rubbery cheese. There are only a few tables here, so I would recommend carryout or delivery.", 4, 1], "suY67HVG5HFE-GHg9tQOEw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "3/31/2012", "With a place that is covered in walls that have scribbles, graffiti, artwork, and everything in between, you should not have high expectations for quality food. Instead, this place is a quick fix for your late night munchies after a drunkfest. It will regularly be busy around 1am, so prepare to wave your money around at the small counter and jump at the chance to say your order.Pizza and wings here will hit the spot but are by no means something to rave about. My go to pizza is the chicken broccoli pizza, fresh mozzarella pizza, or garlic white pizza. The fresh mozzarella pizza has pieces of basil and big pieces of mozzarella, which I love. I've also had the chicken wings, which are doused in a ton of sauce. After you eat the wings, there will still be a thick layer of sauce left in your tin take-out container.Service is pretty quick, and prices aren't too shabby. You get what you pay for. The place is very small with minimal seating, so your best bet is just to bring it home. Girls, beware: if you are dressed nicely (let's say, cute dress & high heels), the guys who work here WILL give you a creepy smile and undress you with their eyes.", 3, 1], "WvPXFbmJITlKc9x0DB49vA": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "1/16/2012", "College Town Pizza is my default lunch option in college town, which isn't necessarily high praise, but probably captures the relevant scale. The pizza crust is generally crisp and chewy and the pizza toppings come in many different varieties that are generally tasty. My favorite pizza toppings are probably their Hawaiian (comes with Ricotta), the Veggie combo, the fresh mozzarella, and the eggplant parmigiana.  At first I gave the interior, which is just a bunch of Cornell graffiti credit for being 'creative', but increasingly I just think it's kinda disgusting... so I usually get the pizza to go.", 4, 0], "C1aCAuQXxU82eEbWxRp_bg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "3/1/2011", "You pretty much only come here if you're drunk and looking to end the night with some pizza.The pizza is pretty good here, but then again in a drunken state, anything has the potential to taste good. I usually stick with my regular chicken and broccoli pizza.So glad CTP exists for us college kids and also about how patient they are with our dumb antics. Their pizza/food gets 2 stars, their patience gets 4.", 3, 1], "S-Eci-mXxpMY_3IONFjlRw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "8/30/2010", "Yum!If you want late night pizza, this is the place. It's not amazing or anything, but it's decent, yummy pizza for prices that college kids can afford.I like their garlic knots.Service is pretty quick and I applaud the staff for putting up with the stumbling drunk kids who take over the place in the evenings.", 3, 0], "VyFKaxy36qZhI7ejkpbl2g": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/1/2010", "Stuff is pretty greasy, but still the best pizza in collegetown just because Mama Teresa is pretty awful If the pizza wasn't too greasy, then it would be really good.", 3, 0], "CE9xvyGbavR2M50IX2w6BQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "4/20/2010", "Decent pizza, decent prices. Be sure to check out the fresh mozzarella with basil leaves! Guys who work here have somehow managed to keep their sense of humor despite having to deal nightly with every entitled drunk douche bag in Collegetown, and for this I admire them. If it's quiet be sure to strike up a conversation with them. They're funny guys!", 4, 3], "cOgAta4_Bx7mkUnsY6P2pQ": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "4/7/2010", "Just ate a bunch of slices delivered to a seminar on campus and I must say wow even their fresh pizza tastes like crap. Bland, rubbery, and very greasy, I definitely don't recommend dropping by this place in person or even bother ordering from here. A solid chain like Papa Johns does pizza so much better. I feel bad that our guest speakers were treated to such pizza after making it all the way out to Ithaca.Specific slices I had: Pepperoni, Cheese, Vegetarian, and Sausage. Bleh.", 1, 2], "IyMonDGDyDCB09VZd3m7Qg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "6/10/2009", "The pizza is solid - not memorably terrific, but not bad either. Standard NY style. They have a lunch special of $4 for two slices and a soda, which is a good deal for college students on a budget. The slices with toppings are a bit expensive, with a few hitting $4 each.", 3, 0], "9eNQ40fNQ5z9Oaebg0X_tg": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/13/2009", "Being from Chicago, i walk into any pizza place outside Chicago or NYC thinking I'm going to get cardboard with ketchup and some cheese looking plastic substance, but this was actually pretty good pizza.I would defiantly go back again, only complaint was pizza is some of the greasiest pizza i have ever had, but sometimes that's what your looking for.", 3, 1], "EoVizknCbJFghvZItilTxw": ["Yelp", "College Town Pizza", "5/19/2007", "This was REALLY good pizza. I think I tried every place in town while I was there just because the pizza was head and shoulders above the offerings in my neck of the woods. College Town was my favorite, and it's not too much of a walk from Cornell's West Campus.", 4, 0]}
{"bHrAUGK9N6-kn0Qrl287vA": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "11/5/2018", "I just ordered from here and everything was fine until I literally found a stand of black hair woven through my fried rice. Absolutely disgusting. Never ordering from here again.", 1, 1], "hvGe9Nz1vjcZ_Lr9eXRhHw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "8/11/2018", "The food tastes very good and it is very reasonably priced. As a college student, I am always impressed by the speed of the delivery and their ability to deliver to me no matter where I am. My experiences dining-in have also been great. I am always happy with the customer service that I receive. In addition, this is the only place in Ithaca that I am comfortable ordering seafood from. The seafood dishes are prepared well and they always taste fresh.", 5, 3], "xoMJt5pEwE7xUoQ-LWeN8w": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "4/22/2018", "This is your neighborhood family-run take-out. For those of us who live in the neighborhood, it's a great relief on nights when you just can't even. My son sometimes runs over for Lo Mein when mom and dad are working late.Our favorites are: the fried scallops, the Lo Mein, and the Buddha's delight (eat your veggies!). My husband swears by the Beef with Satay sauce which comes with tons of perfectly cooked green beans. The guys got the fried chicken wings once and they were \"super crispy and delicious.\"", 3, 0], "46jh54_PLb71vbJZqxj-ag": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/16/2018", "I ordered sesame chicken from here and I swear there was not one piece of chicken in it. All just crunchy fried dough covered in sauce for $10. I was very disappointed. I wanted to treat myself to delivery and this was awful", 1, 0], "jE0SAyhZkXL9VITw3itx9Q": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "12/11/2017", "The delivery arrived 30 minutes late and the food was cold. I would not recommend this place for delivery. Terrible delivery experience.", 1, 0], "4XdyzYAosXN3RiwazT9M0w": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "9/7/2017", "Second time I ate from here never again. The woman at the counter was not friendly at all. She took my order with an attitude I ignored it and when my phone was ready she didn't even state that it was. I just happened to look on the counter and it was there. Her children are politer but her and the other female worker are rude. The orange chicken and sesame chicken taste like sugar flavored hello. Absolutely tasteless and bland. I don't expect it to be real Chinese flare but come on. Both sauces were goopy super sugary sauce with NO FLAVOR. The best thing about the meal was the egg rolls. My husband also disliked the food. He got pineapple chicken and guess what ? The flavor was the same as the sesame and orange chicken same sugary goop with absolutely no seasoning. Will NOT be returning there are better places in Ithaca to eat. I'll pass no thank you !", 1, 0], "BoG2cuif6fwkPGye5TUG9w": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "8/13/2017", "If you want delicious authentic Chinese food, this is the place. They are mostly takeout but also have a large eat-in dining room. And really reasonable prices too! Egg drop soup, egg roll and incredible large portion of mushy pork and all winners!", 5, 2], "XEpMAt8Q-Qdt2I08hWiBuQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "2/12/2017", "Delivered my food to the wrong house, did not call me as I specified in the order instructions, and told me to go across the street to get my food back, saying it is \"very easy to do that\". I'm so done with this place and will never give them a cent or second of my life again.", 1, 1], "wea4nENYveCGKZNa3HQ-dQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "5/18/2016", "Delivery came within an hour and my order was correct. The food wasn't worth it. I've had better Chinese food from mall food courts. The beef chow fun noodles were bland, and the dumplings lacked any redeeming flavor. The pineapple fried rice was somewhat yummy, but nothing here (not even the cheap price) is enough to bring me back.", 2, 0], "z2jz1jU3LGRZnSQBT6kugA": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/15/2016", "Included some pics since people keep talking shit about this restaurant without any evidence. Anyways it's actually more 4 stars but I needed to even out the ratings and the food here is definitely edible, unless you order all the basic white people dishes.", 5, 4], "yPg63gEq4UjGS9i8kPTiHQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/2/2016", "we order from her a lot, food is always ready when they say it is and it is good. get the steamed dumplings", 4, 1], "hNv-OEFWFR24siz40YMHTQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "2/10/2016", "Really uninspiring American food court Chinese food. Goopy sweet sauce. The pork fried rice was particularly bad with an unpleasant aftertaste.", 2, 0], "83BCqdkANTVPY16UBPGSEQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "2/3/2016", "great steamed chicken n veggies!!! super nice prompt staff , clean facilities and nice cozy atmosphere, very yumy tea also. great place overall!", 5, 1], "PXc-XO3UcsogKv7PLefy7w": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "9/15/2015", "A Haiku:EggFooYoung WaterDragon Phoenix so boringDisappointing food", 1, 0], "a2vU5ESBx_Q5x9UOtpKHJg": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "8/16/2015", "The service is horrible, I was yelled at over the phone when the delivery person refused to deliver to my home and wanted me to meet him on a busy street. The food was also terrible. Never order from here.", 1, 0], "vKCWpk27Zf463bWtYYq_sg": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "7/16/2015", "The owner, Mr. Chen, was very nice and hospitable. The general Tso was fantastic as well! I will definitely come again.", 5, 0], "42xJTX57GxGiz0x7kCOIPg": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "1/1/2015", "I'm Chinese and this is the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever had in my life. I have no problem with Americanized Chinese food and I do have Panda Express once in a while. The previously frozen food were not cooked throughly and the dishes we ordered were not fresh and tasteless. However, I am guessing most of the positive reviews are from their sauce stir-fried meats from dinner combos. If you are unfortunately enough to be eating here, do not be adventurous and order something that requires any Chinese food cooking knowledge.", 1, 2], "YIO3FVmJVJoujmpj7DO8nw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "9/15/2014", "Big portions, reasonably good prices. Every dish was well made---good taste but not quite stellar.We came here three times, and every time was consistent.", 3, 1], "GMaevlCJTw-NxMVR9N3shw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "8/20/2014", "Wish I could give three and a half stars, it's just not quite all the way to four. Delivery was quick and the food was hot. Portions are good size and everything was yummy. It's definitely Americanized Chinese food, but compared to a lot of other takeout/delivery places in the same vein it's fresh and not greasy. Got crab rangoon and beef with snow peas. Would not hesitate to order again next time I'm in the mood for quick Chinese.", 3, 2], "BOs2Vi3gEUeMNAREckNU6g": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "11/16/2013", "The first time we ordered from here, we were impressed. It was definitely Americanized Chinese food, but it was fresh, tasty, and delivered fast. The next time was slightly worse, and delivery took a long time. This last time, though, was the reason we are giving them one star. First, they messed up my fianc\u00e9's order and gave him a completely different kind of chicken dish. I got the eggplant, and it was soggy and not spicy at all (it didn't have any flavor). The worst part, though, came at the end of the meal when we found bugs in the wonton soup. It was absolutely disgusting and unacceptable.", 1, 2], "1n1PcceCL9_JBvt7VhfjZw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "8/26/2013", "Oh Capital Corner you never let me down.I'm sad to see all the 1 star reviews out there, but I realize that different people have different tastes when it comes to Chinese food. Some like the americanized stuff, some like authentic.I have to admit though, I have only ever ordered one dish from this place, the Sesame Chicken combo. But I have to tell you, it's one of the tastiest sesame chickens I have ever had. And the portions are huge. I ordered the lunch combo today ( sesame chicken, choice of rice, and choice of soup or egg roll) and had food for both lunch and dinner! ($6.50) On other occasions, I have ordered the dinner combo and have had enough food for three meals. ($7.50) This place is ridiculous.However, I do agree with many people that their delivery and service need work. I do also know that many other popular take-out places in Ithaca take this long on delivery, too.", 4, 3], "JEaMdxM6xDE5KnL5o4Y9Ew": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "6/5/2013", "This is your average run of the mill chinese spot. Not to say it isn't great, it's definitely a place i'll hit again for lunch when I only have options limited to the commons area, but this is definitely not a place I go out of my way for. I liked the food, the portion was good and the price for lunch was very very reasonable but it was just like other chinese place's I've been in the past.Definitely a place to stop for lunch if your on the commons because while it's not great, you won't be disappointed.", 3, 0], "9t4gF1AvIJcCwxiKNqevkQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "4/26/2013", "All I want to do is order some rice and soup! But the minimum is ten dollars for a delivery...-_- I will be taking my business elsewhere to better Chinese restaurants. Capital Corner is one of the worst in Ithaca.", 1, 1], "wVi0kNNuda1PqBkZgfT2CA": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "4/20/2013", "It's a regular, so-called 'Americanized Chinese food\" restaurant. I'm Asian, but I'm fine with it.", 3, 1], "ZX-kKKw5ozG5Wt32NLKPPw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "5/4/2012", "I ordered schezuan tofu, and it was possibly the most disgusting Chinese food I've ever eaten (and I really like tofu -- it was just prepared incorrectly). They served the tofu raw and just smathered premade sauce on it. It wasn't even warm.", 1, 0], "nnX41_Q8gqSfQ14RVVstFw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "4/20/2012", "The food isn't good enough to be worth a 90 minute delivery time. I called at the 60 minute mark and was told my food would be here in 10 minutes. I called at the 80 minute mark and was told it would be here in 2 minutes. I'm also 100% certain they're breaking child labor laws. There is a clearly unhappy child working their register. So delivery, pick-up, or sit-down, you will have a bad experience ordering from Capital Corner.", 1, 5], "H_HFgPUdb8MVZ_s8JzRPSg": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/25/2012", "I'm surprised to see so many bad reviews here - I actually eat here maybe twice a month or so and I'm never disappointed. The service is lacking but sorry, it's lacking at every Chinese place in Ithaca (except for my fave take-out only Ling Ling, that woman is the sweetest!). I pretty much have liked everything I've gotten here. I usually order the teriyaki chicken, some dumplings, and a sushi roll or two. I like their all-you-can-eat lunch deal for when I'm a little hungrier.Anyway I don't have tons to say about this place, it's nothing fancy and like everything else around here, yup, it's \"American\" chinese food, but for what it's worth I definitely like it more than some other reviewers here, and do eat there fairly regularly as it's close to my office and it's a sure thing.", 4, 0], "1KvPjukzGuqW9-g5du23Zw": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/6/2012", "Decent food, takes a very long time (45-60min), and has a lazy delivery driver. Interesting that delivery implies I should meet you at your car.", 1, 6], "YU-bO0gBm99yaqda68nTwQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "2/13/2012", "I don't...I don't even know where to begin. When I rushed to my computer to rate this place, I was shocked that there were any reviews above two stars. Another reviewer generously called the place \"mediocre Americanized Chinese food.\" I wish I ordered whatever he ordered, because my food wasn't even mediocre. It was awful. I placed an order for General Tso's chicken. I received something lumpy covered in gelatinous sauce. I think it moved.As I brought the jiggling lump to my mouth, my brain and stomach agreed that a revolt was in order -- \"WHAT DID WE DO TO DESERVE THIS?!\" they yelled. I didn't care; I ate it anyway. Who listens to their brain. In went the balls of goo, and out went my wit and senses. What on earth did I consume? It wasn't flavorful, no, too chemical-y to be flavorful. It wasn't crisp, as fried chicken covered in sweet salty sauce generally is. The receipt said General Tso's chicken, but I could not fathom, in which realm, or world, that this item could pass as the mighty General's fabled chicken. To be fair, it was edible. I did manage to live long enough to write this review.In my dreams that night, General Tso kicked me in the shins and told me to get real.", 1, 9], "8lMngSE3UvL5TUpZe7CsLQ": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "11/5/2011", "One day when I first arrived in Ithaca I was really craving General Tso's Tofu. I know, I know, it sounds weird but I'm a vegetarian and I've been able to get some really good General Tso's tofu before. Done right, you get nice thick tofu chunks golden fried and served with veggies and a nice brown sauce. Unfortunately, not very many Chinese restaurants carry this dish, so when I saw that Capital Corner did I thought I was in luck.Wrong. My General Tso's Tofu consisted not of delicious fried tofu pieces, but of pellets that were about the same size as cookie dough chunks. They were about the same texture too - mushy and not at all fried. Everything was covered in a strange bright orange sauce. I ended up throwing at least half of it in the trash.Well, today I had a Chinese food craving and I decided to go back to Capital Corner, more than a year after my first encounter. This time I ordered pan fried noodles. I'm pretty sure they were made from 99\u00a2 ramen packages, and the noodles weren't cooked all the way. Based on these two incidents, I'm going to go ahead and say that Capital Corner sucks.", 1, 1], "_-fzjaUio8CfXrLvE1Ckbg": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/11/2011", "I have eaten inside of this restaurant once and had it delivered to my dorm about 3 times, one of which was a terrible experience (the food never arrived...)I think the food here is standard Americanized Chinese food. It isn't too greasy, which is good. The vegetarian \"meats\" are not good; the \"chicken\" is chewy and extremely bland. In the SFV of Los Angeles, I have had a fake chicken drumstick that actually tasted like chicken (yummy!), so I had high expectations. So if you aren't going to get meat in your food, get tofu instead of the fake meats.On the other hand, I think this restaurant is convenient for delivery because it is on Campusfood.com. You can order online and it will arrive in an hour, which is kind of a long time...well, longer than I am used to back home. Also, this restaurant has good value moneywise because you get large portions for cheap. There is a large selection of dishes to choose from as well. Last weekend, I was craving Chinese food so my boyfriend and I called Capital Corner. The lady asked for a phone number and my boyfriend gave his phone number. We ordered just over 2 hours before we were leaving to see Cornell's annual production of The Vagina Monologues, so we expected that we would have time to eat before we went. My boyfriend realized that he didn't get signal in my room, so we decided to wait downstairs by the Balch arch, where we asked the food be delivered to. We waited by the door for 1 hour LONGER the 45 minutes the lady on the phone said it would take for our food to arrive (no exaggeration). We called her several times between the 45 minutes and hour and 45 minutes, and she kept saying that she \"thought the food was on its way.\" SHE WASN'T SURE?! How is that possible? So the food never arrived and we were off to see the show...On the way to the show, we called and the lady said that we didn't give a working phone number, so when the delivery guy called when he was near campus (NOT AT THE ARCH, where we told him to bring the food), he simply turned around and went back to the restaurant. It is extremely unfortunate that the delivery man could not follow directions that we gave. The delivery policy should not rely on phone conversations when specific instructions were given for the delivery spot at the time of ordering. It is unfortunate for my boyfriend that he didn't have cell phone reception in Balch because at this point I was incredibly hungry and cranky so I began to yell at him... The lady on the phone also said that it wasn't her fault...seriously? You own this restaurant and you will take no responsibility whatsoever for this ridiculous customer service. So, after the show we ordered from Jade Garden and enjoyed our food. We will not be ordering from Capital Corner ever again...", 2, 3], "njqu1nWNdgZ6i94P0N2fww": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "1/12/2011", "Pretty good food. One of the best in Ithaca.", 3, 0], "znQuewG4CYyKReyXG_Gbng": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "10/12/2010", "Capital Corner can be summarized is 4 words \"mediocre Americanized Chinese food\". There is nothing special on this menu to speak of. There are plenty of fried dishes that come in a generic gloppy/gelatinous sweet sauce. I honestly think 3 of these dishes, the \"Sesame chicken\", the \"Orange Chicken\", and the \"General Tso's Chicken\" are actually the same dish with minor adjustments to garnishing. That being said, there are no really good Chinese places in Ithaca (update: Spicy Aisan is actually very good, the only one I order from any more) so I guess this place is as good as any when it comes to ordering take out. Personally I prefer to avoid Chinese food in this town and get my cravings satisfied when I travel elsewhere. This all being said they are fast and attentive. My water glass never got below half way full. So there are some pluses to this place.", 1, 7], "JAE7OxnYlyCq1PYWCtt3CA": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "1/31/2010", "eh... Chinese takeout. An alright delivery value in Ithaca especially considering most of the thai food is glorified Chinese (delicious, mostly, but greasy) :) and is more expensive. But the woman who owns Capital Corner is so...angry! It's been my experience that whatever you ask her for, you are almost guaranteed NOT to get. She has a certain sinister, knowing look in her eyes that makes me think she is absolutely getting off on it. Is there a way to use reverse psychology on a person like this? \"Could you make the soup EXTRA, super mild?\" might get her to actually put a spec of chili in it... hmmmIf you want better quality Chinese with fantastically friendly staff and can pick up, order from Ling Ling's at the Northside Plaza (these people couldn't possibly be more sweet). Or drive to Tberg and go to Dragon Village. Both are FAR better quality and so, so nice to deal with. Here you have to order selectively. I ordered their House Special soup and it was disgustingly gelatinous. Awful. I didn't even taste it because the thought of putting spoonfuls of salty, bland mucous into my mouth was too revolting. Having said that, everything else I have had here has been pretty ok. Their Noodle Soup with Chinese Greens ($4.50 for the quart size!) with Udon noodles is very simple and actually quite great- by far my favorite thing on the menu. If you added a little sriracha sauce or garlic chili oil to give it a little flavor and heat, it is even better.Their Sesame Chicken is good. Could have been crispier... it hit the spot, though.I also recommend their Dumplings. I have tried them all and they are good quality and very tasty. I like how they have vegetable and chicken, not just pork (which is also delicious). I do not know what sauce they use, but it is not just straight soy sauce. It is more balanced (sweeter, less salty and lighter in color). It is not Ponzu, either. Very nice.Finally, there beef is not mystery beef and I love the fact that I can get brown rice. I have only seen that option at one other Chinese takeout place in all the cities I have lived (and Dragon Village). It adds such a great texture and nutty flavor. Much heartier and tastier than steamed white rice (also good here).Overall, an ok value for the quantity and quality of the food in this town. But there is far better elsewhere.", 2, 3], "mVn-AMi7iLfKOW6JSfN25g": ["Yelp", "Capital Corner Restaurant", "3/2/2008", "Once I found out about Capital Corner, I refused to order take-out from anywhere else!! The sesame chicken is awesome and I love the crab wontons and steamed dumplings, too. I still recommend Main Moon for a buffet experience, but wouldn't choose anyone but Capital Corner to handle my delivery!", 5, 1]}
{"Wc8Suiea3OnmO0T5So2N7Q": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/17/2019", "The ppl are nice but the wait time for food is FOREVER. They know that every weekend is going to be super packed, yet they never have enough staff to prepare for it. When you get your server be sure to ask them for everything you need at once. Because there's no telling when they will get back to you. It's not their fault though; they are too busy doing too many jobs. They need better management to realize when more staff is needed.", 2, 0], "NuiEvh31zHfuG8kMUCTQow": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/21/2018", "I will give this a 1 for today. We ordered drinks and tasted like diet. Didn't say anything until over heard someone else order and were told they were out of coke and only had diet. We ordered our food with an appetizer. Brought food out and I was told my toast would be out. Never was. Also no appetizer. Toast was and had been sitting up on the counter where the pick the food up from the kitchen to take to tables. They all had time to wander around and talk though", 1, 0], "z_jeNbs9CWo8U1WT4s0Phg": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/5/2018", "Cashier got upset with us for wanting to pay separately. Food took at least two hours to come out, and though the place wasn't even full- service was extremely slow.", 1, 0], "FFVF7kbm6VeN2v6HJeOS6g": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/1/2018", "This Denny's deserves 0 stars. Service is horrible. We waited 15 mins before anyone even stopped sat our table. In the meantime people that came in after us had their order taken., got their food, ate, paid their check and left before our food even arrived. To add insult to injury, our food came out minus one of our orders. Don't bother stopping here unless you love terrible sevive.", 1, 0], "nIojt3jbxn0drBiqe_RjZw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/25/2018", "The wait staff is great! But this place is very mismanaged. The manager goes on a smoke break with all of the cooking staff causing a 45 min wait for the public. I sat here watching at least 15 couples being turned away with a lot of tables open . Crazy!! Food is still good but it definitely needs better management !!!!", 1, 0], "wEMjlpiL8vgcwc0p-RiQlw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/1/2018", "Before our boat tour of Cayuga Lake, my family decided to stop here for a quick breakfast. I have been to many Denny's locations, and none of them have ever come close to satisfying my family or me. However, this Denny's went high and beyond in exceeding my expectations. The food was great, the service was very fast, and the waitress was really sweet and perky. Hopefully on our next trip we will be able to come here again!", 5, 0], "Yn-yKVEI5QurfOPpP1yYLQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "7/25/2018", "absolutely atrocious food on par with some underfunded high school cafeteria. There are two pros to this place, however, that warrant two stars. 1. open 24/7 when everything is else is closed2. seating is comfy and privateTherefore, this place has a potential as a late night study spot. Or you can use this place like a coffee shop, come with a friend, order a cup of coffee and chatter away for hours. Servers are friendly in my limited experience. They haven't seem to have sold their souls to Denny's corporations. But I wouldn't come here for food. Food, they do not have.", 2, 2], "xm6VKSuSISfltmhypkx8oA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/21/2018", "Had a great breakfast with a friend here. Kids were happy, adults were happy, and it is officially the best Denny's I have been to! Service was quick, food was well prepared, waitress took great care of us, and my only complaint was that I don't have enough room in my stomach to try everything I wanted on the menu!", 4, 0], "yKbBVaDhaEvDaLpKuxfOKw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/25/2017", "Started the day at Denny's in Horseheads (packed & cheerful good service. Here in Ithaca, it's a very different story... not busy, definitely don't want to be working Christmas Day (don't blame them), & greeted with \"it'll be at least 25 minutes\" -before agreeing to seat us! -the only place open in town, of course we'd wait. Then seated immediately & 25 minutes for coffee! (really). Sad. Other servers all seamed nice (saw orders seated immediately with no efforts to turn them away). Short guy that was also manning the register (some other gal (nice) eventually delivered the coffees). Watching the finished food sitting under the lamps a long time. More than a half hour in (& not busy!) & still no food. AVOID THIS LOCATION, poorly managed.", 1, 0], "MaWdCnv7gAh4ezcup4znHA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "11/23/2017", "I believe we all know what to expect from a Denny's restaurant. This location had good table service and the breakfast was a reasonable price for the amount of food. Denny's is not my thing but my parents like it. This Denny's is better than some Denny's it have eaten at. The check out was a bit slow. I would prefer the waitress take care of the card swipe for payment.", 3, 0], "C-tNUwnGfzBD4a0ILaB7Pw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "9/24/2017", "Terrible place. Bad food. Got a T-bone steak. First it was not cooked. Then it was too much. It looks like it was boiled in water. Terrible. I could have eating plastic it would have tasted the same. My wife ate chicken but she got more some of terrible sugar sauce than chicken. Awful. Stay away from this place.", 1, 1], "jZljGvNun7tu3HSoVXgBrw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "9/24/2017", "my boy Chardith works ,Here ! don't like it much , and the horse is lean and mealy but i am proud of my big boy his big haunches and his kitchen boys !", 2, 1], "X90iJgNBhct-G50ZiMKHvg": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "6/6/2017", "Poor to fair experiences, but what's a hungry gal to do when everything else is closed? Our server, Shauna, was the best part. She was friendly. However, although the restaurant only had a few other customers, our food took quite a long time, as did refills on coffee and water (to wash down the burnt toast...) The rest of the meal (fit-fare skillet and fit-slam breakfast) both tasted fine. The location was clean and parking is typically quite convenient, but the total package is not worth the visit.", 2, 0], "ALHiHFs_Z8J83DuPM5TW9w": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "3/28/2017", "Loved the new \"Honey Jalape\u00f1o Bacon Sriracha Burger\", pretty interesting mix there. As usual, the Oreo shake is as good as it gets.", 5, 0], "8HXtFouHOGBlp6umHoPWzg": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "7/5/2016", "I'm a little surprised by some of the negative reviews on here because I've been in this place probably a dozen times, and never had a single issue. The only reason I mark it down one star is because it's Denny's, and I'm not really expecting the moon here.I mostly come to Denny's to work during off hours, so I try to avoid the busiest times. I don't want to sit at one of their tables for a long time if it's busy and they need it. In that approach, I have found the service to be prompt and very friendly, and my food has always come out very quickly.Additionally, I'm on a restrictive diet, so I make lots of modifications. I have never once been griped at, and my food has always come out exactly the way I've ordered it.I go to Denny's with my laptop to work because I've personally found it to be one of the best places for this in Ithaca. They have big wide comfortable booths. There are power outlets placed evenly all throughout the base of these booths. They have free wi-fi. And they're open 24 hours.", 4, 4], "lEbqY8wtZ4HwJdIHsRi8BQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "3/27/2016", "New Denny's location replacing Friendly's. Place still looks brand new and has a noticeably modern interior and a variety of seating. Server seemed impatient that we needed time to decide, and after finally returning to take our order, informed the table that the wafflemaker was broken, meaning two of us had to choose something else. Since it was still late morning this should have been told to us when we were seated to save us and her some time!Went for the French Toast instead which was spotty between burnt and mushy. Egg whites were fine, sausage was fine, bacon was slightly undercooked.Might try again when i'm back in the area, hoping for a better experience.", 3, 2], "WUwlLtcuVISkgQnKO5XLGw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "3/8/2016", "I have to give one star to write a review not worth any stars service the worst waited 40 mins for food was cold and not good this place is worse than stuckys do not stop you are better off to hold a will work for food sign and hope for the best", 1, 2], "lhufHM5ddv5d_m4yCJKFiQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/21/2016", "I would give this place a 4 star rating for the service and food except for the rude and unprofessional manager named shannon.  After I brought an issue up to her, her response was \"oh well, he should have asked who was next\". She then turned and walked away.  Never addressed the issue and totally ignored the issue.  When asked to speak to her boss I was ignored.", 2, 1], "2zrXn-TetUzqxCf_xOXUlQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/5/2016", "Called in advance for large out of town group. Was called back by the manager to confirm and was told extra staff would be on hand. When we arrived there was one cook and 4 servers. they where already behind and there where only a few people in the restaurant. Couldn't tell you how the food is yet because we are still waiting for over an hour and a half. Get it together people!!!", 1, 6], "knDJJSU5fujAwUnRGqY5CA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "1/28/2016", "wow. Just WOW. Amazing experience at denny's last night. A couple friends and I found our tummies rumbling at an odd hour....so we thought.... DENNY'S!!!!", 5, 1], "iOAE_mRlbIGHlwNvOW6giw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "11/18/2015", "So it's been years since I've been to a Denny's, and I was pleasantly surprised to see they've added a few things to their menu that aren't deep fried meat and cheese concoctions, oh, I mean Slams. There were even a few lower fat and/or vegetarian options. That said, it IS Denny's. So, it's not health food. Service was super duper friendly but slow, even on a midweek night when they were relatively empty. That was kind of a bummer. On the plus side, it's clean and tasty, and kids got activity booklets and crayons to keep us all busy while we waited. :)", 4, 2], "zo4EEVxDyHj3zCRMqugDiw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "7/18/2015", "Some friends and I have made midnight Denny's trips multiple times and each time we have had some of the best waitresses. Tonight especially was great. Tammy was helping us and even though it was her first night, she was handling 5 or so tables all by herself. She was kind and accommodating, and we really appreciated her and the entire staff being their so late and serving us food.Was the food served quickly, no, but we were in at midnight, and anyone who expects immediate service that late at night needs to calm down. We had a really lovely time and we look forward to coming back soon! Maybe we will luck out and get Tammy again!", 5, 1], "CqznxvNHbfDN0lsnajpEvQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/23/2015", "Oh man, It's been over 6 months and this place still doesn't have itself together. I've been back several times with mixed results. 'Mixed results' running the range from acceptable to completely mindblowingly awful. The times I've gone in the evening seem to be better overall.Weekend brunch/lunch times have been the worst. The worst offender was a vegetable skillet I received in a completely inedible state - 1/3 the size it usually is, missing ingredients, had a random chunk of sausage hanging out in the middle of it, and stray cheese all mixed into the side of salsa. If you have food allergies, stay far away.The manager will ask you how your meal was and give a discount when things are wrong. But I don't want a discount. All I want is the food I ordered, in an edible state.I've pretty much given up on this location.", 1, 1], "_pQP70doOn0u9w8zCx_nDg": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "2/23/2015", "Our visit to Dennys was a mixed bag. The food was mostly decent, albeit very greasy, even for Dennys. The service was pretty decent. Our waitress was very nice, if a little frazzled and disorganized.The biggest disappointment were the grits. We were all craving them, but they came out super late (after the rest of our dishes had been cleared!) and were horribly undercooked. Like, barely edible. Huge bummer.I hope they get better the longer they are here because I'm a big Dennys fan, but I probably won't come back for a little while.", 2, 1], "OIDrPjzH-q8UHOzN_fJPGA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/23/2014", "Avoid this place if at all possible. What an awful experience. We were seated immediately (one of the only good points of the whole trip), but why does that matter when it takes two hours for us to leave the place and an hour for us to get our food?It seems as if this place is understaffed but it is hard to tell. I could literally go on and on about how awful this experience was but here is just a few1) our order was taken quickly but it took a whopping ~1.5 hours to get our food. At a diner. Are they kidding?2) our drinks were only refilled once and in the two hours never got the water we asked for 3) ordered an appetizer which didn't appear until the food came (which was 1.5 hours later remember?)4) when the food did came it was AWFUL. our appetizer was cold, tough, and overlooked. How can you mess up a quesadilla and queso&chips that bad? It was clear that it had been made a while ago and forgotten about. Just awful 5) for three people we had silverware for two people. After asking twice we never got it. Had to divide up the two sets among us so we had what we needed. 5) my chicken avocado sandwich came without avocado. And when I did get the avocado after I asked it was clearly rotten. And the waitress did not ask once to comp my meal despite this 6) after all of this it cost over $50 for three people. Just ridiculous. The cherry on top is that were we not the only one who experienced this. The place was packed and two people walked out while we did. If only we were smart enough to follow.", 1, 2], "UzOPv5_RWkGS-A5X6gCinQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "12/22/2014", "Poor service. We sat near the kitchen and saw that our entrees took 37 minutes before we got them. There is no way to save that meal except learn to stop contributing to their slowness. Restaurant was barely occupied and became more crowded by the time we left. I cannot imagine the human misery that followed..", 1, 0], "GxcoPwW8LwS_SMOlZrdGLQ": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "10/26/2014", "I'm giving one star because yelp doesn't allow me to give 0 stars. This has to be the most disgusting restaurant I have ever been in my life. Really unprofessional, unfriendly staff. I have to wait 45 minutes for spaghetti and meatballs and it tastes like water. Lots of weird people in the restaurant (I guess lower class people in Ithaca tend to pick this place as their monthly treat). Anyway, would not go back to this place again in any location....", 1, 5], "lsH9RWJnLOBk6Ja5PmIypw": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "10/26/2014", "My family and I love breakfast for dinner, so we decided that we would try it out. Now granted it was 9:30 at night so my expectations were already low. But Denny's is known for serving breakfast 24 hours a day, so naturally I expected them to be able to meet my expectations I mean it's breakfast food!  Upon arrival we were greeted by our waiter, who then brought us to our table, while walking to our table I noticed how dirty the floor was and it seemed like it hadn't been properly mopped in about a month, because it had a greasy feel to it. At any rate our server was nice took our drink orders, and we decided to get a couple appetizers, being that my 3 children hadn't eaten since lunch time, it was a crazy day for them. We put in our order, pretty simple chicken tenders and nachos. When our apps finally came we got double of what we ordered and the nachos came about 5 mins after that, yikes. So now we order our food nothing fancy, no changes or special requests.  As we waited for our food, I began watch the workers as I can sometimes be a people watcher. Our table was located right by the dishwasher/ stockroom door. One thing that absolutely turned me off, was the workers who were not on the clock either their shift had ended or their shift was starting. Why did this bother me because they were sitting around in uniform at a table talking with the manager, it really made it look like they were being lazy. Not to mention the manager who is very nice, but she was so wrapped up in the conversation with employees who were not on the clock that she wasn't doing her job. I saw countless orders being left up on the shelf for a long time. So our food finally comes, but it would've sat there had it not been for a different server seeing it there, thankfully he was thoughtful enough to bring our food. We got SOME of our food, then our actual server came back, apologized to us because he had 1 other table in the front room, yeah like 1 table! My wife had ordered some sort of \"Slam\" she only received her eggs and sausage, we nicely and calmly told the waiter she needed the rest of her food, again it wasn't our real waiter! Meanwhile we have been there now for about 50 minutes and my wife still hadn't gotten all of her meal! By this time I'm getting more impatient by the second. My wife decided to go and talk to the manager who was still chatting with the off the clock employees at the same table, she had been there for all of a half hour! My wife calmly explained that there had been way too many mistakes and that we were far from satisfied. She gave my wife a few excuses as to why she was sitting down, and by the end of it gave us our meals for free. But her graciousness will NOT change my mind about this place! I get that the better breakfast cooks probably work the morning shift but in the end, shouldn't they be trying to serve quality food 24 hours a day? I won't be back regardless, between the terrible service and the off the clock employees hanging out and distracting the on the clock employees it is a total mess down there, literally!", 1, 1], "pRCKHwvllE0duBuEjtrzRA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "10/11/2014", "This review is based on what you would hope for at Denny's (not comparing it to fine-dining restaurants):We came in for brunch late on a Saturday morning. We were greeted quickly and received our drink order fast. Our order was taken as soon as we'd decided on what we wanted. Our requests were executed exactly as we'd asked (we made a few special requests) and our server was very, very pleasant (and efficient). This was our first visit and the service exceeded our expectations. We were there with our toddler and he was provided with crayons and paper to color on. Our meal was delivered fast and we heard the staff coordinating cooks and servers in an attempt to deliver food/service promptly. They seem to be working hard and all of the people we encountered were very pleasant.We'll be back when we're in the mood for a quick brunch again.", 5, 3], "kITt29xZic_iU_0djtispA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "9/27/2014", "This place is SEVERELY understaffed! After walking in, we waited 10mins for a host/ess to come and greet us. We were then told it would be about a 10 min wait for a table- no problem, it's a busy Saturday brunch time.After looking around we saw many tables that were dirty and just not being cleaned. Hence the hold up on us being seated.About 15 mins later we finally got a seat- if it was just myself and my partner this wouldn't matter, but we had a young child with us.Once we sat down, our server Crystal, came right over. She was super friendly and super cool, she also continuously engaged our little man at the table (a huge plus for servers who have that skill!)We then waited about 30 mins from the time we ordered for our food to come. Crystal checked in a lot (but not too much) to keep us updated so we don't get pissed and just leave. She then offered us some (free) fruit while waiting and brought out the boy's side to keep him from getting too hungry while waiting.When the food got to the table we were praising the gods above. After a morning of shopping we were dying and starving- first world dying/starving of course! Half way thru eating our friend Crystal let us know she was going on break and older Crystal would be taking care of us. She left the check and left us with the older woman Crystal.As we finished up Tom, the manager, came by to check on us. He was a nice, youngish, cool guy. He and the boy got to talking about Sonic and Tails- win in our book!Then (older) Crystal came by and took our dirty plates away, my partner requested a coffee and our young man wanted a sundae. Older Crystal did not like this since she would have to make a new check and expressed this thru rolling her eyes. Nice.As we left we hit the bathrooms. They needed attention. BAD. No paper towels in either, a mess on the floor of a stall. Terrible terrible smells. Based on all this, we'd just rather go elsewhere.", 2, 4], "Hdui4m0UlwEuVtUCqm4iJA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "9/7/2014", "New in Ithaca but thought they'd have their act together faster than this. Been there 3 times now. Service deplorable. Quality of food, worse and prices were ridiculous. No napkins on table, salt was caked in shakers, wait staff were annoying, food was cold on inside or took forever to get to table. They have you packed in like sardines. Thought they would've fixed that when converting it over from being a Friendly's. Multiple staff wait on you constantly. Always trying to make sure you are not waiting. Too much of good thing I suppose. Maybe in a year we'll try again but for now, staying away.", 1, 0], "IWdrpMD0sNEIXiK6K5rSUA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/31/2014", "Worst denny's ever. The waitress never checked up in us and completely forgot to bring my soup. When i asked about the soup, she came back 20minutes later to say it was still frozen which is why she hadn't brought it. She's lucky she got a tip at all. I hate this place and it made me want punch someone in the face.", 1, 2], "J5x9cyPndbSr5NkNiuQojg": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/27/2014", "Excellent and quick service yet again. They held the door open for my handicap companion and welcomed us. The Hearty Pecan Banana Pancake breakfast was stunningly delicious. Awesome brown sugar and pecans throughout. Moons over my hammy was amazing sandwich. Nicely seasoned. The food tasted better than the fancy schmancy $60/person brunch place we went last and much better prices here. Great and attentive staff yet again. Come during off hours.", 5, 1], "F9Rr6qA0QDQ-KBjNJz_m_w": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/18/2014", "Manager looks like hell to deal with, way too long of a wait. Don't come here hungry.", 1, 1], "SE-rkQorsXOV-Okb9F6igA": ["Yelp", " Denny\u2019s", "8/3/2014", "I've been here three times so I've sen it under various conditions. It's okay when it's not very busy but service is awful when it's busy. If there are only 4 or 5 empty spots in the parking lot keep driving. My experience is no refills and a loooong time waiting for the check. Accompanied by the ambiance of multiple screaming infants. My waitress has disappeared. They've only been open a few weeks so this may improve. Or maybe not.", 2, 2]}
{"CHzRrp-4RFjwnA1ihVNtgg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "8/30/2018", "This Five Guys is a winner. Perfect burger, perfect fries, friendly and efficient service. Best of all - my food was hot and they got my toppings correct! Seems like those things should be a given - but so many places screw this up!! Clean and well stocked condiment area. Yummy.", 5, 0], "OQyTfvS3krKaT755oOfA1g": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "12/3/2017", "Really good freshly made burgers. This place will make it how you want it. It's a great, and simple, burger restaurant.", 4, 1], "xfvem9s6AfN63zI3nxVQzg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "8/26/2016", "The food is great and the staff is literally the best. This is my favorite fast food spot in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "XnSCtZopOLM7IOm6YK-0NQ": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "5/12/2016", "Ever so very ~meh~. First visit to a Five Guys, wished I went to Wendy's instead. Overpriced and average. Fries were almost burnt. Won't visit another 5 guys.", 2, 0], "x9zj6QJgwlBk55-tzHPV3g": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "3/11/2016", "Delicious. Truly my favorite burgers. They give you plenty of food, I mean the fries are a meal themselves. I like crispy fries, not necessarily the ones they serve. However, fries are great in general and the burgers here are made to order.I discovered how delicious bbq sauce on a burger was at this restaurant. I hear they have milkshakes now. I am going to have to drive over sometime and have a full meal. Anyway, stop in when you are in Ithaca and don't feel like going to downtown.", 4, 0], "ptlCqBCT_OxC2QGjoJ41pw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "11/25/2015", "A little expensive but TOTALLY worth it. Build your own burgers with ACTUAL meat and fresh toppings. Get practically a bucket of fries and vinegar to go with it? Yes please! Love the food here!", 4, 0], "q7vPchLWo6_167Aby4eh6w": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "10/25/2015", "I mean it's five guys so it's obviously good right? This location is super speedy and has tons of seating - I've never had a problem getting a table or waiting too long even when the line is almost out the door. I always get my usual cheeseburger and add all the toppings because I can and its delicious. Plus they have free unlimited peanuts! Also you can flavor the fries which is delicious!", 5, 1], "jCBjUH2qRTHzF1AiF3w6MQ": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "9/13/2015", "So good. Not good if you are allergic to treenuts. But if you are blissfully able to eat treenuts, you must have these delicious cheese sandwiches. A longtime vegetarian, this is my favorite place to get burgers/sandwiches with my meat eating friends. Do yourself a favor; spend 6$ and get yourself a combo delicious peanut infused meal.", 5, 1], "XZHRIBxbPxzVaee0XEKwYw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "4/8/2015", "It only loses a star because of the price! Oh and they don't do milkshakes!For a fast food joint it is a little pricey.They do offer probably the BEST burger in Ithaca and the fries are very good. Like all fast food places it does get very busy at lunch time!The staff are nice enough.", 4, 0], "WLgbshsVFbjB4U31zZYXqg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "3/8/2015", "The burger quality here is somewhat inconsistent. Sometimes they're bitter and dry, and sometimes I can't put em' down. Nonetheless, I'd say Five Guys makes the best burgers you'll find in Ithaca. Doesn't compare to a certain other regional burger chain, but if you need your fix in CNY, there's no better place.As for the fries, some people swear by them, but I'm not a fan of their style. If you like softer, oily fries, then these are for you. They taste homemade, I'll give them that, but in my opinion that isn't always a good thing.", 4, 0], "mNBFDqDTR8fxRa83UaV7Xg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "1/29/2015", "This is by far my favorite place to get a burger. Consistently friendly service, great food and cleanliness. A person can not ask for much more in a fast food chain. I love that this place is located where it is. It's not too far away and the environment is welcoming.", 5, 0], "jLW7IxssunrNRH8ElVOS8w": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "1/9/2015", "I have been to Five Guys joints across America, and I have to say that the people who are working at the Ithaca Five Guys Burgers and Fries are the most friendly of any I've ever met. They make me want to come back to the place. Of course, the burgers are awesome, and the fries are to die for. I only wish it wasn't right by too busy, busy, busy route 13.", 5, 0], "ZmSJdZUILzclO1GErb4Kmw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "9/29/2014", "These are the best burgers in Ithaca, but that's not exactly a hard to get crown.Five Guys on Elmira Rd. is pretty much the only major burger-specialty place in the area that isn't a fast food joint, so, like many other Ithaca joints, it kinda has a monopoly. All the same, it doesn't really abuse it - it's just as good as any Five Guys in any other area, meaning you're guaranteed a pretty darn good burger, a whole huge helping of fries, and a decently clean restaurant.If you want a good burger and don't want to slum it in a restaurant that doesn't do burgers regularly or that does them in a fancy manner (see: Stella's), this is your place.", 4, 0], "3czCMu95rC68Oq1dD8eRxA": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "9/14/2014", "I lived in NYC for many years and was a regular at Shake Shack; I've also recently experienced Byron in the UK. Five Guys falls somewhere in between them - which is to say, it's probably the best burger chain in the US right now, and among the top in the world. Sure, there are independent restaurants where you can get a better burger, but (in Ithaca, at least) not as fast food, unless you order take out. That said, it's unfortunate this location is located out in the suburban sticks beyond Wegmans and not in a space accessible via public transit or foot; I'm sure they'd get a lot more business from college kids with cash to burn if it were in downtown Ithaca or Collegetown, within walking distance of Cornell.", 4, 0], "optl-89-emmg2jMvDcW_TA": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "8/30/2014", "Five Guys always serves great food. The hamburgers are so... homemade. Everything there tastes homey, which is why I love it. It tastes very genuine and just DELICIOUS. I am seriously craving Five Guys as I'm writing this.", 5, 0], "go5vn4ljVGBRV195EmKnTQ": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "7/8/2013", "So just an update on the franchise as a whole...I went to Five Guys at LaGuardia airport last week and thought \"it'll be good but probably not as good and the prices will be higher most likely\"...First off, they weren't higher and secondly it was just as good as every other five guys which let me tell you, surprised the heck out of me! They continue to be the best anywhere I go and it just reaffirms my position that Five Guys is one of the BEST places to get a burger. Keep on keeping on Five Guys cause you rule!", 5, 0], "L2ez9LFFScqEuwMaCoTBYw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "4/26/2013", "Easily the best place to grab a good quick burger in ithaca.", 5, 0], "e8GiJOGLOG4SOT2K-BVIcQ": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "2/4/2013", "Some of the best burgers in ithaca. What can I say? Its a 5 Guys, its a franchise and its standardized as to what they serve and how things will taste. Health is not a factor in this review, obviously.", 5, 3], "XmUKOVg2XJoDhn5adpUvaw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "1/30/2013", "The only \"fast\" place I'll order a burger aside from In-n-Out. Delicious quality every time. Well done and juicy just like the sign says. Very enjoyable. I always order a little cheeseburger and share a regular fry, no soda. The peanuts are super, especially when the line is long. Definitely kid friendly too.", 4, 1], "EPW_TN0Ug8xtVoww9kj2wg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "4/17/2012", "Very good food! Exceptional service!!!!!!! This is the 3rd Five Guys we have been to in 3 different states and they have all seemed to be very consistent. If your looking for a change and for a quick burger, this would be a good choice. Sometimes the music is a bit too loud for my liking, but if you just ask, they will turn it down a bit to make it more enjoyable.", 4, 0], "Aw2ESPm6U06xkc_TR5yEkw": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "2/18/2012", "So overrated. All the hype, to which the place doesn't really live up to.First of all ... what kind of burger place serve their customer their burgers with SOGGYbuns? Opening the wrapper within 5 min of leaving the shop, we came across with quite mediocre, SOGGY, and all-around disappointing burgers - I didn't really think there was anything outstanding about it. OK yes, it's maybe just *slightly* better than McDonald's but wow - the difference is really paper-thin. (My son, reading this review, exclaimed \"What? I think McDonald's better!\" He couldn't finish the burger. This is a tell-tale sign of failure. But I give it that FG is ever so slightly healthier than McDonald). I also should mention that, whoever packed our bag, put the fries in a cup UPSIDE DOWN - well, thank you. A nice touch.I think Glenwood Pines Restaurant by Taughannock Falls serves a burger x15 times better than this one - and the price is not all that different, as I remember. And potatoes from Idaho? C'mon - that sounds so fresh, local and sustainable - that this sound enticing to most people with poisoned mind, is the problem of the world today we need to all think about. The cashier and the guy who handed me the burger were young part-timers - just like McDonald's. I find them sort of rude, especially the guy, when he refused to take my receipt since I didn't need it any more. I also wonder if the same guy put our fries UPSIDE DOWN.Thumbs down all the way.", 1, 2], "JS_5N-ZNyexq6ABI8VNt_A": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "12/18/2011", "Very good burgers, and very efficient service. They give you a ton of food and even advertise they they have free refills on drinks. They have free peanuts for when you're waiting to get your food or to accompany your food. They are, however, a little pricey for a burger.", 4, 0], "LU5ocCXCs9sDIc0DsRTVkg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "3/5/2011", "Maybe my favorite burger ever. Great value with real ingredients. Free peanuts is a nice plus. Solid balance between service speed quality.", 5, 0], "Dql7hmMZiPNAcMpGB9Oc9Q": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "12/3/2010", "Greasy goodness tossed with all the ingredients you love onto a great thick wheat bun. Wow, I am from Cali so I wasn't phased by all of the hype (there's now a 5 Guys where I live too, woohoo).I am so impressed, the quality of the burger and fries is definitely in its own category, only eclipsed by Inn-N-Out. Although a lot of people will argue they're too different to truly compare, I think 5 Guys just doesn't have that specialness of Inn-N-Out and their animal style-ness. I had 2 burgers in one sitting :) I WAS FAMISHED. For something pretty special, try bbq sauce + hot sauce, it tasted great. Also, they give you huge servings of fries. Get the cajun fries and stick those bad boys in some ketchup and vinegar (I know, weird right? It tastes great though). 5 Guys is a cult favorite that you have to experience in Ithaca. For a nice greasy experience, go here. Just make sure you head to the gym afterwards.", 4, 3], "qzYE1u-ePdjk55wCnBvnXA": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "10/17/2010", "I didn't realize that a regular-sized burger had TWO patties inside, so I definitely should have ordered the little size. Nevertheless, the burgers are juicy, delicious, and messy! Might even be better than In-N-Out burgers :O", 4, 0], "VZ5bvuw-ZFLgTarzPIwOcg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "7/28/2010", "First encountered these years ago in DC before they went nuts with the franchising. At first I was worried that franchising would kill the quality of the burger and fries. I was wrong. It's not as great as I remember it but then I'm not as huge a fan of burgers anymore but it was still very good.The fries were out of this world, if a bit over spiced with its Cajun coating. The peanuts are free and tasty. Overall good place to eat to fulfil a burger craving.", 4, 0], "oQ4DnmRHgWbew5x0Rvg-ZA": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "7/26/2010", "I'm a vegetarian and I loved this place. I don't know what's wrong with me. I always got the grilled cheese and fries. I loved their fries and how they always piled it on. I liked how they actually grilled the grilled cheese unlike In n Out. They always gave me a lot of pickles for some reason. Maybe they thought the pickles would make up for the lack of meat...", 4, 0], "HCSfpDHpwkDNymgZL8IfBg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "4/16/2010", "ok ok. 1 star was a harsh rating for a place that doesn't pretend to anything other than make fast food burgers and fries. So at least they do what they say they do - and that's worth another star I guess. And it's not their fault that everyone I know overhyped them so bad that I had ridiculous expectations.", 2, 1], "UDJyVX6fZS2afKwjZ_MKTQ": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "1/10/2010", "This is like any other Five Guys restaurant: fresh burgers, insane amount of fries, and peanuts everywhere. If you like the kind of burger they make then you'll like this place.There are a few things different form this one than the one I went to in NYC. The staff seem to do a better job at keeping the place clean; a staff member is out frequently wiping tables, returning the condiments back to the serving table, and picking up trash. Another thing is that you can request that you don't get a topper of fries. It cuts back the amount so instead of 3 meals worth you only get 1.5, which for one person cuts down on the amount of food you have to save or throw out when you're done eating.The last thing I want to mention is that there are no trays at the Ithaca store; everything ends up in a bag. I really like that because it makes it easy to get the malt vinegar distributed on the fries. A decent place to eat. Nothing really notable, but nothing bad either.", 3, 2], "N1IuAcPER-gv9hEq0ImjoA": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "10/4/2009", "I don't think I'll ever go anywhere else for a quick burger ... I'll even dare to say that it's better than Shake Shack in NYC [to the potential horror of all the students in Ithaca that are from the city]! Mainly because less than $10 will get you plenty of food for one person w/tons of delicious fries left over. =)I was so excited to try Five Guys for the very first time - right here in Ithaca, on their opening day! I heard some mixed reviews from friends about this place in different cities, but I was quite impressed with the quality of their burgers & fresh-cut fries! For the cost ($8-10 for a HUGE one-person meal), I think it's a really good deal: you get to choose whatever toppings/condiments you want (and as many as you want) on your burger, from jalape\u00f1os to grilled mushrooms. Plus a regular sized fry could very well feed 2-3 people ... especially when you have a giant burger to finish! The Cajun fries had a kick, but were even good as leftovers for the next week! A regular burger comes with 2 patties, but I thought the mini (one patty) with all the fixings + sharing fries with my other two friends, and a drink, was more than enough for a meal. I'll be back there soon, since all my friends keep wanting to go!", 5, 6], "FNk4Pl-NXB-8gxDSSK1ghg": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "9/22/2009", "The only problem I had was the line -- but I went at 11am on opening day so I take it as a point for, rather than a point against the place! I'm sure the kitchen staff will get the routine down as they get more than, say, 10 minutes of practice.The burgers were fantastic -- I mean, \"Fourth of July BBQ, dad cooking on the grill\" kind of good! The real, unfrozen beef patties make a world of difference. The toppings were free, I went with the onions and mushrooms which was awesome. Here's a hint -- order the regular-size fries. They end up throwing a couple handfuls into the bag anyway, so, even though they're probably the best, freshly cut, peanut-oil-fried fries you've ever tasted, you'll be stuffed, sharing a regular size order with a friend!", 5, 2], "qTfl8dUNWXSqQnnJNmC29A": ["Yelp", "Five Guys", "9/19/2009", "I was lucky enough to have a friend invite me to the Five Guys \"Friends & Family\" training night, right before Five Guys opened in Ithaca, and they're off to a fantastic start!Five Guys focuses on just hamburgers, hot dogs, and french fries, and they pride themselves on quality and fresh ingredients. There's even a sign to tell you where today's potatoes came from. (Tonight's were from Sugar City, Idaho.)The burgers are all in the $3-6 range, a large fries will easily feed three, and it'll be easy to feed the family for $5-8 per person. For a meal at fast-food prices, this is outstanding. The burger's top-notch, and the hand-cut fries are hot and crisp. (The Cajun ones have a real kick, too.)I've written more at 14850 Dining, and definitely encourage everyone to visit Five Guys.dining.14850.com/reviews\u2026", 5, 2]}
{"CTYZ7YuRffH3EPobwxYBHQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/23/2019", "In search of a new cocktail place, we made our way to Monks. Situated off the Marriott lobby on the Commons, Monks has a hotel feel while still managing to create a warm ambience (for a hotel restaurant), which was assisted by a live jazz band playing on the night of our visit. Behind the bar, a handsome bearded and chatty bartender took us into his care. We got four cocktails that featured local ingredients. All were well-crafted, one included an herb clap, but our favorite by far was the Perpetual Help (an interesting interplay with shrub and mezcal). There is also a \"secret\" menu, not found online but behind the main cocktail menu page. In addition to excellent drinks, Monks also offers excellent food with many local farming partners (we recommend the brussel sprout appetizer). The daily happy hour (4PM-7PM) offers a chance to sample both food and drink at cheaper prices. We're not sure why this place has a three star rating. We'll definitely be back and look forward to sampling more of what they have to offer.", 5, 0], "Ts_hCne_6SdA3OrKkvd4lA": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/22/2019", "I had one of the best meals at this restaurant. The pork chop was AMAZING, it was cooked to perfection. It also came with the most delicious sides. Dessert was also great, and the bartender made truly awesome drinks. The atmosphere was nice and the service was also great. I highly recommend dinner here.", 5, 0], "_VbYXhPN_9hQkdrmaUKrOg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/17/2019", "We had a delicious breakfast here. Thank you to Andrew our wonderful waiter for keeping the coffee flowing. We both had the Classic omelette with aged cheddar and ham, hash browns, and rye toast. The aged cheddar was soooooooo good. We stayed in the Mariott..which was pristine.", 5, 0], "x9I-TLy-fBiaEJze79dEVw": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/6/2019", "Staff was super friendly. Menu was the best in the area and one of the few places open in morning in commons are. I had the avocado toast...good...nothing super amazing. Like someone else I requested salsa and sour cream on side and was glad.", 4, 0], "xe5cAi1lkkcKVFhRU2oeNA": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "1/5/2019", "We had a New Year's Eve dinner here and a New Year's Day breakfast. The staff here was very pleasant and service was wonderful on both days. Dinner: Portions are large so definitely skip the appetizers. The pesto spice fries were really good and has a nice small kick to it. We had two entree specials - a prime rib; a lobster and crab - both very fantastic! We also had the wagyu sirloin which was also very good. The bruleed marshmallows and br\u00fbl\u00e9e cheesecake ended the year perfectly!Breakfast: We had the benedict; smoked salmon avocado toast and the french toast, bacon and eggs - all really good.", 5, 0], "_lWF1s3injR01DDZDjJ9PQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "11/21/2018", "Had breakfast there and needed a gluten free option. Andy our waiter suggested the avocado toast with gluten free bread. It not only looked delicious it was. Beatific presentation. Had to come back today. Andy was a great waiter.", 5, 0], "1vMB7AkaltXO3_YV9lc8jQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "11/21/2018", "Two great morning breakfasts and excellent customer service enhanced our stay. The gluten free adjustments to the entrees recommended by our waiter were spot on. Looking forward to returning.", 5, 0], "7-hblgxz3FSPj_L8CB70cA": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "10/31/2018", "I came here on a whim because my group wasn't sure where we would go out for dinner. Monks on the Common is so conveniently located and was walking distance from where I was staying. When I arrived I saw that they were having a trivia night which made me super jealous because I've always wanted to do a trivia night. The guy who was leading the trivia night was also a lot energy.Since we couldn't join last minute on the trivia we just ordered some food. We ordered their shrimp tacos, fried dumplings, salmon, lamb pops, and a burger. I liked the appetizers a lot. The shrimp tacos were definitely a hit. I ordered the lamp pops as my entree and it was a pretty big dish even though it was listed under appetizers. The sauce that it came with actually was better than the lamb. The food overall was ok. What I did like about Monks is that the service was great! The bartenders were so sweet and nice I would come back just for that.", 3, 3], "ArI-N9o-Dg5iEG5ibxKpRg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "4/19/2018", "We stayed at the hotel and were given discount coupons for breakfast at Monks On The Commons restaurant downstairs. The service was pretty okay (depending who your server is; first time it was less friendly lady, second time it was an amazing server).They had couple of options for breakfast and I ordered avocado toast with sunny side up eggs. The dish was presented really nice and tasted delicious. The bread was really crisp and delicious, just perfect (picture below). I also had soy cappuccino $7 that was decent but not the best. Their coffee tasted a bit sour and I wish they had unsweetened almond milk instead of sweetened soy.Second time we came here I ordered the same thing but this time my dish had salsa added on top of my toast and under avocado (apparently its in the menu but first time they must have forgotten to add salsa - good for me). It was not a good idea to smear salsa all over the toast because my toast was soaking wet, unappetizing and soggy. I usually prefer double toasted bread so you can imagine I couldn't even eat this toast. I left hungry. Hopefully they will change the recipe and add salsa on the side or maybe on top of avocado..My husband had sweet potatoes and eggs, and his dish was amazing. I would absolutely come back again.", 4, 10], "oyR3N0CHnGn7OY37ow9UKg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "3/8/2018", "We love the bartenders here and the cocktail menu. We go here just for drinks usually but they are definitely worth it. We love when they have live music and the atmosphere is always great.", 5, 0], "OW_mSOsAmgZCuhpNdMpidA": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "3/4/2018", "Comfy, classy bar with outstanding drinks and service, perfect for our early evening get together for busy professionals!", 5, 0], "9YVDmBx2177-6gf9E4QNRg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "10/7/2017", "Possibly the worst restaurant in Ithaca? Feels very much like a hotel restaurant (because it is a hotel restaurant). Every time I've gone there, the service has been really bad--they'll forget about you, treat you condescendingly when you make basic requests, etc. It's also extremely overpriced for what it is, and their cocktails are pretty uninspired. Normally I don't like to write negative reviews of places, but this one feels so out of place in Ithaca and disconnected from the spirit of this community. And some of the folks who work there are pretty rude.", 1, 0], "XvnZeLtamJlYWDT5gm-V_A": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "8/24/2017", "This place is a wonderful spot for cocktails and a quick bite. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Don't be fooled by any of the bad reviews this place is a gem. Highly recommend!", 5, 1], "tnpb2byk1cwNiSkIOJr3aQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "7/24/2017", "Like someone else said- overpriced and underwhelming. I've lived in a number of larger and small cities, and Ithaca needs to realize it's not that special, it doesn't know what it's doing, and charging these prices does not make it \"on trend.\"Their wine menu is under par, their menu is blah (the \"pretzels\" were bland pieces of overcooked dough) and for the prices, I could buy the same crappy bottle of wine at the grocer. they also have the stingiest pours! 6oz? for $12? JEEZ?!The only thing they have going for them is outside seating - but being right on State St, it's loud and congested, not exactly a relaxing atmosphere. get a grip Monks- you're not that cool.", 2, 0], "Dwb1t4zxuR89Su7yGldnzA": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "7/21/2017", "This place is decent among the hotel restaurants. The price point is about the same as the hotels in the similar class - meaning a bit over-priced for the food but that is what it is.  You are paying for the convenience.The restaurant was at the side of the lobby but was not noisy.  The service from every staff was exceptional. Everything was prompt and efficient and yet they paid attention to the details and anticipated my needs.  Since they did not have a lounge, they gave me a discount for the breakfast as one of their top elite levels frequent stay program.The food was good but nicely presented. The atmosphere and the decors were enjoyable and liked it - especially the the view of the top-to-bottom windows. Finally, I have to give a shout out to the manager of this eatery  She really got involved with the operations and she continued to make sure all details were perfected.  She came over and had a friendly chat and we appreciated the attention. She and her staff differentiated this hotel from the others.  Thank you for the friendly attention.  I highly recommend this hotel is you are in Ithaca.", 5, 2], "2iCpBSEspDwPsr2b-w9Pcg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "7/13/2017", "I have been here a few times for lunch. I enjoyed the setting, especially the light that pours though the windows in often gloomy Ithaca. Unfortunately, I will not be lunching here again. It was not the service -- our waitor was terrific. They have made a disastrous change to the lunch menu -- switching to a disastrous Nashville themed \"meat and three\" memed menu and cutting the rest of the menu to bare bones.  Now, \"meat and three\" is nice, especially in Nashville. It also is easy on the chef -- prepare one meat and vats of veggies, etc. However, it is way too heavy for lunch. I did order a small soup and an ear of corn ($6!!!!) that was part of the side vegetables but it waspretty clear the ear of street corn was a warmed over mediocrity. The nice waiter told us the hotel manager came up with the meat and three concept which is also a specialty of her home state of Oklahoma. Well, this is Ithaca -- the home of a fantastic local food and wine movement. If you want a simplified menu easy on the chef -- at least make it feature regional specialties like spiedies, Utica greens or Cornell chicken -- not a heavy fat laden lunch that simply does not appeal.", 2, 1], "pqfGm7675mgoOYAa20XEpg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "7/1/2017", "We ordered breakfast with the family after staying at the hotel, we were seated at two different tables and arrived at the same time. Our food came out 30 minutes before the other table and we were done eating before they got their food.As for the food I got two eggs over easy and they came out over hard. In addition the usual two eggs over easy with home fries and bacon costs $14 for breakfast. In total our table of three people for breakfast cost over $50 and we had water to drink.Service was slow but politeWe will not be eating breakfast at the hotel again for the duration of our stay.", 1, 1], "sG42ZXdpASopadfS1VznHg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "6/13/2017", "I was in for lunch today. Had the Cornell chicken sandwich. It was full of chicken bones! At this price point a careless mistake like this is unacceptable.", 1, 1], "6CvV5RcS2KRRL0R7soIJUw": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "6/11/2017", "We were sorely disappointed today at brunch at Monks. There were at most 3 tables when we were eating. There were 5 of us. Our food was cool to lukewarm, not all brought at the same time. Some of the menu items did not show up as stated - no avocado, minimal goat cheese could not find it in the omelet (!). No butter or jam with dry toast for all. Had to ask for syrup for Waffle. The omelet special was very heavy and definitely not appetizing! As stated in other reviews food somewhat bland - more so it seems the cook is not on top of what they are doing and coordinating their orders. We had been so excited to try it.Very overpriced for the food we received. $93.00 for 5 people with no alcohol and no one was happy with their meal and we are all pretty flexible. Nicely set up - I hear the drinks are wonderful. Have to up their food game QUITE A BIT to be competitive in downtown's market.What a shame", 1, 1], "6_WhtX5B6qftMfJe-UO5qg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "5/13/2017", "The cocktail program at Monk's is outstanding - really first rate. And I have more than a little expertise in this area, having nursed a 2 year obsession with the art of mixing drinks. The menu is just spectacular, with classics and original creations, and reads like something you would find in a New York bar. The emphasis here is on technique and great ingredients. You aren't going to find sour mix margaritas or frozen strawberry daiquiris (I happen to love daiquiris and margaritas and other sours when made as they were many decades ago, with fresh juices). Instead, you will find a perfectly-made Old Fashioned or Manhattan, and a variety of well-balanced and tasty original drinks. The space is well laid out, inviting and cozy, and is a great place to spend a few hours. Bravo!!!", 5, 0], "vevWNcpmG0bXKtj4-Chhug": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "4/15/2017", "Great space. Haven't tried the cocktails so I don't know if they compare to the quality of Argos or Mercato. My $16 burger tasted like lighter fluid and the fries obviously came from a pre-cut-then-frozen bag because they had that mushy interior texture. Always looking for new places in Ithaca and it was worth a try.", 2, 0], "UXKY3Edxv0qiAyLxZUaCHQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "4/9/2017", "I went here for the first time with friends because the other downtown places were packed. We arrived around 5:15 and were able to quickly get a table for a party of 6 which was great. The place has nice decor and atmosphere with a decent drink menu. The waitress was friendly but didn't know much about the drinks available and I don't mean annoying detail questions but what the alcohol was in their special cocktail of the night. The place where they lose all their points for me is their prices, which are out of control. When I'm ordering grouper tacos where you get a total of 5, appetizer sized tacos for $18 and my husband ordered a \"monks burger\" which is really just a bacon cheese burger with their matchstick potatoes (think matchstick shaped potatoes chips with rosemary salt on them) for another $18 I expect magic and received just average for the area. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad and had the prices been more in line with the area, probably about $12 for each of those items, I probably would have been happy with it. They have some opportunity here but need to address their prices.", 3, 0], "Mm9NR01v3lLEKRLj_YQelQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "3/21/2017", "Overpriced and underwhelming. The space is quite nice, bright and open, and reminded us of a brunch spot we went to in Philly recently. We ordered the Build Your Own Bloody Mary, a cup of coffee, sweet potato kale hash and crab Louie salad. The coffee beans were roasted too long, and the coffee itself was incredibly weak. Bloody Mary was pretty good, and came with a nice selection of things to choose from. The sweet potato hash was decent, but it was basically just that: roasted sweet potato with an egg on top and barely any kale. I believe they just crumbled a few kale chips and added that in. Also, I think the menu said \"eggs\" (plural) but there was only one. The salad was tasty and the dressing was flavorful, but there was way too much of it. I tend to like a lot of dressing/sauce on my salads/sandwiches/food in general but this was excessive.Overall, the food wasn't bad, but it just didn't live up to my expectation - especially for the price. There's a lot of room for improvement though, so I hope they continue to do that!", 2, 3], "yA8KmQsKPnDDSRrWbCqhLg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "3/14/2017", "We went here for Saturday brunch. It's very cute inside with not many tables and we were seated immediately. However, there was only one waitress for all of the tables. It took a very long time for her to even get our drink orders. The food didn't take too long to come out but the waitress didn't have time to check on us. She ended up forgetting my drink order but I had to flag her down after we were served breakfast. The food was exceptionally bland. We ordered the chicken and waffles and the huevos rancheros. I ended up needing hot sauce just to make the huevos rancheros taste like anything and the chicken and waffles had very small portion sizes. Overall, the food was over priced and the staff and atmosphere were not enough to make the experience worth it.", 2, 3], "bzG8EbKkDRmsqHY0xO2NDg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "3/11/2017", "Monks On The Commons is found on the bottom floor of Ithaca's Marriot hotel. It's quite different from anything else Ithaca has to offer, at least in the commons area, as it's an exceptionally clean, quiet and classy cocktail bar that also has a variety of beer and wine options. There's a very neat ambience here; Monks is well-lighted, tidy and somewhat elegant. Prices here are fairly standard. They have a bar, plenty of tables and booths, and They fill up at night, so you may have a small bit of trouble getting a table for a group if it's after 8:00 or 9:00.", 3, 2], "hqXd7dMCoL152KBQ9Qi_bg": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/17/2017", "I'm not sure what is going to happen with this place. Its fare is too expensive and not special to justify regular community attendance. An $18 burger that pales even to Ale house? Come on. Even the bread they give you feels like it was bought from a grocery store a few days ago. Didn't try the drinks, but someone else in my party liked them.", 2, 2], "2DZ6A1yZagaa7pV4VmwyhQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/12/2017", "This bar is a nice addition to downtown Ithaca. It is in the ground floor of the new Marriott Hotel, which is kind of fun. It isn't my favorite spot in town but I would definitely go again. Pros: - another spot in town to get a nice cocktail! - nice service (waiters and bartender were friendly) - great decor (it's new and a little nicer than most spots here... but not so fancy that you feel out of place) - a good selection of mixed drinks and wines (a few hot drinks too!) - decent view (windows along the wall let you look out on the commons)Cons: - drinks are decent but I haven't had a showstopper yet (still prefer Argos) - small plates for food are just okay (and at the price, I haven't gotten main plates)", 4, 1], "BqAbQwtRMe41vnGazgKI7A": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "2/11/2017", "Monks On The Commons is a bar/restaurant in the new Marriott HotelTherefore, I would like to reference the Marriott Business Conduct : Continue the Marriott Tradition of Integrity.Be Accurate, Honest, and Fair.Avoid Even the Appearance of Wrongdoing.Obey the Law.Understand the Implications of Your Actions.Be Trustworthy.Treat Others with Dignity and Respect.Work for the Good of the Community.This experience however was not in the least bit. To preface, I recently moved to Ithaca one week ago. I was celebrating my birthday and I was experiencing my first Commons festival (The Chili Cookoff Festival). My friends and I had stopped by the Monk's booth to try their chili and they were giving away $15 certificates on their booth table to encourage chili participants to venture to their restaurant location afterwards. After indulging in all of the chili we wanted/needed, my friends and I headed to Monk's restaurant. We walked right in with no issues. We reviewed the certificate provided \"$15 towards featured Rioja Wine\" on the drink menu there were 3 options for Rioja wine - 2 blushes and 1 red. We laid out our certificates and asked the bartender, if she would please describe the different types of Rioja wines to us. My friend and I had the blush wine for a 9oz carafe for $11, her boyfriend had nothing. We drank our wine and when the bill came, we laid our certificates into the check presenter. The manager said, \"Oh, those are only for the red Rioja wines.\" My friends were disappointed and with an unexpected, \"oh....\" laid their cards into the bill presenter - to pay for my birthday beverage. I had asked if I could speak with the manager. I specifically asked him before he would run the cards if we could discuss the certificate situation. Without a blink of an eye, he ran the cards and said, \"Well, you should have asked your server which specific Rioja wine the certificate covered.\" I said, \"I'm sorry, but we had our certificates out and we were asking only about the Rioja wines, the certificate doesn't say specifically the red.\" His response, \"I wouldn't have bothered to tell you either, if you didn't criticize her wine descriptions.\" She was standing next to him at that moment. I apologized, \"I'm sorry that we criticized your wine descriptions.\" Her response was, \"You didn't. I don't know why he said that,\" and walked away. He laid the paid bill down and walked away. For a mission statement to state: Tradition of Integrity.Be Accurate, Honest, and Fair.Avoid Even the Appearance of Wrongdoing.Obey the Law.Understand the Implications of Your Actions.Be Trustworthy.Treat Others with Dignity and Respect.Work for the Good of the Community.None of these were portrayed and in fact left me and my friends insulted and disgusted. We will never visit or recommend this place again. If you received the same $15 certificate, please be aware that only the red Rioja wine is included.", 1, 11], "05HmdGLoeG7O6ECK97DjjQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "1/29/2017", "Was hoping for good dining because I liked Luna when they first opened. The large dishes on other people's tables looked good, but we tried several of the small dishes to share. Prices are pretty high, $18 for a burger, so expectations are also high. Brussel sprouts were okay, they should be since they're on quite a few of the dishes. Scallops were eh, one was bitter, one was good, one was inedibly salty, and the brussel sprout salad that came with it---I've never had raw, shaved brussel sprouts before, but if you do serve it, just google how to properly prep a brussel sprout. They still had the stems on them! on a RAW brussel sprout! To add to a weird experience, the service was just odd. A couple next to us was chatting away with their menus, for like 30 minutes and they had to ask to have their order taken. Then dishes came out and they didn't know which tables they were going to. \"did you order this?\" is not something they should be asking when there are only 10 tables in the entire restaurant. Waitstaff walked around looking at the floor and not towards anyone who was trying to get their attention. Sorry, won't be coming back for a long time.", 1, 3], "1OgiwE_opIaEeDKhuzLVcQ": ["Yelp", "Monks On The Commons", "1/24/2017", "Outrageous prices. Bad food. I was so excited to try a new place in town. The cocktails were only OK. The food, awful. We ordered the sweet potato bread puff things. They were dry and completely tasteless. The atmosphere is wonderful, But I will not be spending that kind of cash to give them a second chance.", 1, 2]}
{"NmKMQ1S3-5Wc85egLwYonw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/21/2018", "Spring buff is one of my go to's as a college student. It's affordable and pretty good for your basic buffet. The sushi looks a little sketch but is actually pretty decent. This is the best cheap buffet I've ever been to! (Go for lunch)", 4, 0], "_TK_d0K93reAP_upm-65hA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "7/25/2018", "We eat here all the time. The food is pretty good and the service is always fast and friendly. It's conveniently located too so that's a bonus plus the cost is reasonable.", 4, 0], "x9ARyeZES6Ff0DGFG6R1ww": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "6/30/2018", "This place was amazing so many different choices! Prices aren't bad, Definitely will be eating here again :)", 4, 0], "ATzJyZ3qeWdkuYog4vne5A": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "5/19/2018", "Service is good. They take your plate away quickly. Quality is poor. None of the sushi were good, the seaweed salad had vermicelli.mixed in it to lower the unit cost. Sanitation is not too bad but some bathroom stalls could not be closed.", 2, 1], "IxWOAk8Y2Xty_gSvBSJZsw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "5/12/2018", "This place a horrible. They used to be good when they first open but now they are so bad. The food was old and rotten. Our whole family came to dinner so we didn't have to cook and can relax but there was nothing edible there at all. The sushi was dried and old. The fresh salad bar was left over from the morning and all the vegetable was wilted and brown. The rest of the food was bland. Watered down. And cold. Spend your money elsewhere.", 1, 1], "f2guG-LU-ONBLL8cCGtsnA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "4/16/2018", "Good food few items on menu were lacking flavor not bad just lacking. Food was fresh and all trays were full. I am a big shrimp fan and the reason for the 4 stars was did not enjoy there cocktail sauce. Also main reason I went there was to try there frog legs which was no where to be found. I was there for the lunch buffet so I am assuming it a dinner menu item.", 4, 0], "xzoA6sN4KdPvMBh-XdHUUQ": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "12/9/2017", "Was referred to this place by a friend, and was worth the drive. Great selection and fresh! Great staff as well. Great eating environment as well. Would definitely recommend going. The prices are very good i had thought.", 5, 0], "rW6ih_KJ4BYg7jlkxpPLLA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "5/29/2017", "Easily the best of the Chinese buffets in Ithaca. Look it's exactly what you expect from a Chinese buffet: huge variety, mediocre sushi, some very questionable dishes. However Spring really separates itself in two areas: very good service and consistent quality. None of it's dishes really standout but none of them are bad and everything is very decent. And honestly what more can you ask for.", 4, 1], "x_abxgtOXm7IAOMB-42rUw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "4/2/2017", "I am a Jersey native coming to school at IC. Jersey is the last of Chinese buffets, so I have been spoiled growing up... unfortunately, spring buffet is about 15 years behind Jersey standards, but that doesn't mean it's a bad place to eat. I still come here to eat on occasion when I want to remember my childhood. Hahaha... but in terms of ranking, this buffet is the best in the finger lakes area, but comparatively to NJ, is in the bottom percentile.", 3, 0], "Le9JD2nfvXqV9tUgFpcU2g": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "2/4/2017", "This buffet is not the best. The food honestly isn't that good. I would recommend going elsewhere.", 2, 1], "1ZipZKkypYsz_txfnUsGhw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "1/14/2017", "The hostess and table service staff was friendly. Other than that, there is nothing good about this restaurant. Two hours before closing, everything looked picked over, buffet items were lukewarm, the sushi looked old and dried out, the desserts were nondescript, cafeteria-style. There is no tofu available. Very little in the way of vegetarian options. There is a select-your-own hibachi, which was tasty. However, the chef was visibly annoyed that I interrupted his cell phone browsing to cook my meal and was irritated at my questions about the process (the signage is unclear). Wow. It really put a damper on the evening. The dining room was chilly and cavernous. The soy sauce tasted watered down. The tea cups had cracks. The kitchen started vacuuming an hour and a half before closing time, with a dozen people still in the dining room. To top it off, two out of our party of five had GI issues in the 24 hours following eating there. I will never go back.", 1, 2], "_YYwc4N9E95RKnTBsfOhPA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "12/11/2016", "Decent Chinese buffet in the area. It has a nice selection of your typical American-Chinese favorites and it tastes fresh and pretty good. I couldn't complain about the prices either as they were pretty fair in their own right. They also have a good hibachi section which made it more than just a buffet. It definitely has a nice following as it was pretty busy even after the usual lunch hour. What a nice find.", 3, 3], "-FiqNC1RYvg222TKXp2ZAA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "11/12/2016", "Yes the food is unlimited, but it's very poor quality. The sushi was the main highlight, however, there was a very small selection and they did not replace rolls after they ran out. In addition, all the Chinese food left me wondering if I would be food poisoned. The salad bar was the lowest quality part of the visit; it tasted as if the food had been constantly put out for days until someone ate it. I am not an Ithaca native, and i frequent buffets of this style in my hometown and among my travels. This was not the worst buffet i've ever been to, but I see no reason to ever go back.", 1, 0], "-v1glEXklUQpYZkCg3fbXA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "11/10/2016", "Husband and kids ate there tonight. Ate their whole meal only to find a dead bug in the ice cream (well the peanuts on the ice cream). Was told the exterminator was there today and that is probably why. Got the meal free, if that is any conciliation.", 1, 0], "L_Fbiu96nGlHzyGub08mnA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/20/2016", "Relatively clean, most of the time (we've been there about 4 times in 5 months); however, BLAND BLAND BLAND. ALL of the dishes, except the hibachi, which you customize, taste EXACTLY like one another.I, too, wanted to have another buffet option in town; however, I tried it several times, and each time it was the same. As if there was only 1 dish on the entire buffet, because they all taste the same.Also - no distinctive Asian flavors like ginger or garlic - or oyster sauce - or anything. I mean, each time I went, I expected a different result, but each time it was the same.For my money and my time, the other buffet in town may be a little older and a little worn, but the food there is much more flavorful, fresher and has a great variety of flavors.", 2, 0], "iljBg3W3DeYDMim2MGkoww": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/18/2016", "Good selection of food, price is reasonable. Decor looks great! Surprised not busy on a sunday.", 4, 0], "aMl1-jwDQmGxErbQZkSyXw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "8/26/2016", "There's selection but there was no salmon sushi rolls just mostly crab. The price is decent. Service was good. For lunch there was no salmon. They said there was salmon for dinner.", 4, 0], "ZTYKdK43kXFjP4DfgFt2Ww": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "8/14/2016", "This place is a spore of C-Dif, made my entire family was sick!!.. Heath department should be called on this place!! The owners should be ashamed of themselves for serving this disgusting food and make people pay almost 30 dollars.. DO NOT EAT AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!! Fortune cookies should read.. One must Imodium!!", 1, 2], "oRqD0COE995jJASERvQtCg": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "8/9/2016", "As you can see below, I gave a not too complimentary review of this restaurant about 10 months ago, after they had been open for a short period of time. I still find the food not to be as tasty as it could be, the serving tables placed in such a way that no one knows who goes first, and there almost collisions between customers. They also have a lot of non-Asian food, and not that many Chinese dishes that have a meat and vegetable together. Having said that, it has improved since the Fall of 2015. I've been to the Hibachi area a few times and that, to me, is the highlight of the experience there. Their desserts and fruits are very fresh. It is rare to find a dish that is old or cold, even on a Thursday night. Compared to the other buffet down the road, Main Moon, it is wonderful (see my review this date of the other buffet, which is declining in taste and cleanliness). It is fun to go to.", 4, 0], "KIca8yCVkXAllW6W64Bz5g": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "7/31/2016", "Made two trips to the Spring Buffet this summer. All in all, many dishes from not just Chinese cuisine (though those are the best). I also enjoyed their soups, and the customized hibachi was great too. For $11, simply cannot go wrong.", 4, 3], "7rdYnOFbmWgdkPIb0JzQ-w": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "5/11/2016", "The first time I ate there, I was not impressed. I took from the buffet and didn't go to the sushi bar or hibachi grill. The food was greasy, overcooked and somewhat tasteless. I wasn't interested in returning until we joined friends there for a birthday party so didn't have a choice. This time, I had hibachi and it was very good. We were a party of 10, and our service was great, especially for a buffet. I will definitely return.", 4, 0], "H7r2D8FSaO-DHSs2TljcKw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "4/7/2016", "So most Chinese Buffets feel real dirty (especially the bathrooms). But this one was pretty clean! I would give it 4 stars for that.But one star for the food. First time there and that was the most tasteless chinese food I have ever had in my life.Bland and bad.Shrimp - grimyCrab Legs - zero tasteLo mein - slimygeneral tao - flavorlessand it wasn't just me. Everyone at our table independently noticed how tasteless things were until eventually one person said what everyone else was thinking. You could blindfold me and could not tell difference between fried shrimp and french fries.Also a lack of vegetables. They had some snow peas that tasted like rubber. Come one kitchen put some sauces on this food!I really wanted to like this place because so I could go to a chinese buffet and not get grossed out that the people cooking my food were using that dirty bathroom. But I hate to say it, I think I will take enjoying the food over enjoying the bathroom...I will give it one more shot at some point based on some of the other reviews so look for an update... but not anytime soon.", 2, 0], "obnlwlYYY1rr2PkLJsZfgA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "3/17/2016", "This is a 4-star joint for a Chinese buffet. Of course my rating is comparing this place to other typical Chinese buffets. Its clean, has plenty of options and the taste is fine. Nothing outstanding here but there is no other decent buffet option in Ithaca either so they kinda win by default! Will go back.", 4, 0], "Ms9Cs3MGYBo1XeogfLuwig": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "3/5/2016", "Very good! BEST buffet around. Please note the best time to go is during dinner hours as there is far better selection of dishes. The sushi is amazing and all the dishes were very flavorful. One of the few chinese buffets I've been to that's spicy food is actually spicy. Also one of the downfalls of buffets is that the food can become lukewarm. In contrast, at this buffet all the food was piping hot! Would highly recommend! Especially the coconut shrimp, honey chicken, and dim sum.", 5, 0], "GHUhVEo3qfZafUQQ_-wHsA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "2/27/2016", "Great place, they have a large selection!!! There food is fresh and good.. I am glad that e stop to eat here.. So if you are in the area and like Chinese food go!!!", 5, 0], "IRP2VBeZ-S8XC6rkBRVC7Q": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "1/30/2016", "For being in Ithaca this place really was a surprise. Not only is the place huge and very clean their food is great. They not only have a large buffet option but also made to order hibachi, sushi, and lots of dessert as well. Simply put if you're looking for good food and service in a nice clean environment this place is a must visit.", 5, 0], "a2JhFcl8G_1A18FM9ScQ-A": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "1/30/2016", "This place is amazing. If you've ever been to Chinese Buffet imagine that but costs maybe $1 more, has literally twice as much food (and somewhat better quality) and the inside is nice and brand new. They even have a hibachi station and a full sushi bar. Lunch is $7 for all-you-can-eat. I don't know how they even break even with the amount of food they're putting out and how little they charge. Highly recommend", 5, 0], "3tNEsNZIIS2D3DQMKIfAUg": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "1/11/2016", "Hidden gem in Ithaca!Was so cheap, went there for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised by the food selection.Food placement was a bit odd (raw shrimp placed right next to the desserts), but overall, the restaurant was very clean and you get to eat a ton of food.", 4, 2], "0GVlUsB4bDytTWHbKDkKow": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "12/10/2015", "At just over $10/person for dinner, the value was good. One person in our party had a lemonade. $1.75 for the glass, but included refills. The rest of us prefer water. You should be able to find something that you find is OK to eat, and depending on your taste you may luck out and find something you think is good. In our party of three, we all found several things (most of which we've enjoyed numerous times at other restaurants) which we didn't care for at all. One person in our group said of the items he did finish that, \"they were just ok, not good\" (but, as he said, he could see going back if he were really hungry and didn't want to spend much.)There was a hibachi bar (pick out the food you wanted and they'd put it on the cooktop at the counter), but the items on it didn't look that intriguing to any of us so we passed on it. The sushi bar (pre-made rolls sitting there, without labels) didn't pique our interest, either. There was a carving station (carve your own) with ham, sausage and beef. The beef was well done (as in brown, all the way through) -- the one who ate it said it was chewy, but the flavor was good. There were a few soups to choose from. We didn't see any wonton soup. (Not a problem as we weren't in a soup mood. Just commenting as wonton soup is usually a staple at the buffets we'd been to in the past.)A couple of oddities on the buffet, which I haven't seen elsewhere:Crawfish and frogs legs. (Frogs legs were edible. I'm guessing that the crawfish were in some sort of Cajun seasoning which I didn't care for, but perhaps that's the type of seasoning rather than their preparation.)The dim sum that I ate was disappointing. And, as that's usually one area of the buffet where I usually have fun, it was a bit of a letdown that the selection was minimal. Dumplings and shu Mai were heavy and dried out. The egg roll that I had was awful. Took one bite and put it down (and was tempted to spit out what was in my mouth) -- thick, stale tasting crust.. I would have had to take another bite to get to any filling. I would have liked to see more vegetable dishes to choose from, to help balance out the various meat and seafood items. I did have some Bok Choy, which was as expected. I enjoyed the salt and pepper shrimp. Note: They were whole, with the heads on, which bothered the third person in our group. The person on our group who usually enjoys various items with barbecue sauce said those items were inedible here. The pork chops didn't look like they had a sauce, but they did and the sweet, heavy taste was overpowering. (Barbecue sauce, whether or not it was visible, tasted like a very heavy sugar glaze with no smokiness or anything to take away from the beyond-cloyingly sweetness.)Overall, if this were a restaurant where you ordered specific dishes, I would have only given it one or two stars. Same if the cost were higher. But, since you can push aside whatever you dislike in a search to find the ones that you think are ok or better, and you can do so at such a low price, I've given it three stars.", 3, 1], "PVBZ2k6W8titCTPpVb_Hlg": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "11/8/2015", "Tastes good, clean and cheap. I think it is the best one in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "MPQZE51Zth0cgwBIr4tp2A": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "10/12/2015", "So many choices there! I went on Sunday. The place was very popular. Besides sushi, seafood and common Chinese buffet dishes, they have a big Hibachi place, where you can customize your dish.", 4, 1], "6YmGfPkYlMY0oh4nMm2GpQ": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "10/7/2015", "I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but this one was good. The food was very fresh and high quality. I didn't hate eating here, like all other buffets. There are very many items to chose from, but not a lot of good vegetarian items. The lo mein was very tasty and the choy was great. My only recommendations would be to a add at least one tofu dish, and also labeling on the dishes that is more specific. Like what kind of egg roll is this?", 4, 2], "qPtOXQ5RafnBrcqIfm_41Q": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "10/6/2015", "After reading the other rave reviews, I think I may have eaten at a different place....or the lunch buffet is not as good as the dinner buffet. Not that it was bad--it was a pretty typical buffet. Very reasonably priced and the service is friendly.", 3, 0], "LnNPSC6SPY0ZhGax6pasyw": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "10/3/2015", "I absolutely have no idea how they keep their business profitable with all these great foods. This deal is too good to be true. I'm super stuffed! So ... let me just briefly describe this buffet restaurant in five words and let my pictures speak the rest. 1) $11.492) Seafood3) Steak4) Sushi5) DessertPS. To starving college kids, I know what you are thinking but let's try to keep Spring Buffet & Grill alive for the benefits of Ithacans ;)", 4, 12], "X-NNMuoNGe8uAI4l_LB-Wg": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/30/2015", "Finally, a clean restaurant in Ithaca! I got lunch takeout on a Tuesday, and I was sincerely impressed!Huge selection of Asian foods as well as some American stuff (crinkle cut french fries, mac & cheese) for only $3.99/lb! I ended up getting over 2 lbs of food for $10 (with tax). Everything looked and tasted delicious. Food was fresh, hot, and flavorful without being too salty or greasy. The restaurant and buffet area appeared clean and was fully stocked.Recommendations: boneless BBQ spare ribs, honey chicken, dim sum, and dumplings", 5, 1], "3ZBAvlUzWaripNuiWR4CNQ": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/26/2015", "This is just what Ithaca needed! I've always loved Chinese buffets, but every Chinese buffet that I've tried in central New York and Ithaca has been extremely disappointing. Spring buffet is great. It's new and clean. I went Friday night, and there were a lot of people so quick turnover of food. So much seafood, meat (steak), sushi, hibachi! Such a great deal, not so great for your waist line though...", 5, 6], "hpxVhBWvNaLwV4U6E44xcA": ["Yelp", "Spring Buffet & Grill", "9/19/2015", "Good food and priced really well. Brand new and clean place. Lots of selection - A LOT of seafood (shrimp dishes, scallops, crab legs, etc.) and real sushi (by real, I mean they include a wide variety of authentic rolls and raw fish). Has a make-your-own hibachi station. $11.49 per person for dinner on Fridays and Saturdays, $10.49 Monday-Thursday, $10.99 all day Sundays. Lunch Monday-Thursday is $6.99, Fridays and Saturdays $7.29.", 4, 4]}
{"LewWLFMQ_xY1_7B5kQV0QA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/25/2018", "Great, great Real pizza, fresh toppings, tons of cheese and the crust is fantastic, it is definitely the best pizza we've had in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "_bsY-LJ7bnwaYdroue9Q5w": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/28/2018", "Best pizza in Ithaca by far. Great NY style slices with awesome dough. Nice thin but not too thin crispy crust. Nice amount of tasty cheese.", 4, 0], "paVudSpKTNvxM3mLPBmJ6A": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/20/2018", "I went back for a slice of pizza yesterday and crust is as good as I remember but the sauce was almost non-existent - really! Just a smattering of sauce. The result was an underwhelming pizza .... please Sal's restore the former glory!", 3, 0], "tUEJDnW6cEbPWd7-GvAwyg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/20/2017", "Our kids love Sals pizza. Great service good food. We usually get take out on the way home. Pizza is thin crust with great toppings. Wings have a good sauce and we always get extra crispy. Highly recommend.", 4, 0], "gl8Y143lQX4coY39NQfVig": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/24/2017", "I like it here, and I'd go back. It has the feel of a true family place.The slices weren't huge, but they were served nice and hot. Lots of cheese, and relatively high-quality ingredients. $2.75 for a cheese slice.They have beer on tap, which is a nice feature for a pizza place.", 3, 0], "MjLKvsIgwctfx0B59IEruQ": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/24/2017", "Solid pizza white or red, good smattering of toppings, and one of the few places that would deliver out to us. Order the wings well done, better for travel that way.", 3, 1], "Chlm1Lhalld1gKCvJX-m5w": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/8/2017", "On vacation in Ithaca and spent at least 45 minutes looking at menus and reading reviews before settling in Sal's. We tried the Sal's Special and were very disappointed. It was a very bland pizza and had the most unflavorful sauce I've ever had. The only positive of the pizza was it's crust, which had a great texture and was nice and chewy. The crust earned them the second star. There are times when you have a pizza that you aren't too happy with, but think you'd give them another try someday. That is not the case for this joint. Once was enough.", 2, 2], "48hS1arrWw6mN-GbC08VqA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/28/2017", "Pizza taste was good and we wanted something other than Wegmans. Honestly came out a bit disappointed. We paid $2.25 per topping for two pizzas (4 toppings total). What we got was barely worth $2!- pizza was mostly cheese. We are less likely to order here again.", 2, 0], "Y-g00FETAyo_JTWO5WWKRw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/15/2017", "Best pizza in Tompkins County! Wings are great as every item on the menu. Never had a bad meal from Sals", 5, 0], "2MfANg-1Agx9B1_2-dIOhg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/17/2016", "Doughy doughy and doughy. Red sauce was tasteless with cheese to match. Sparingly toppings coupled with a crazy expensive price tag...", 3, 0], "RXr62QCkXpygRAOj4HWMuA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/21/2016", "I just had the worst pizza ever, a totally tasteless spinach and mushroom! We decided to give Sal's a try and will never go back. Total waste of anticipation and money!", 1, 0], "DXyZKb8t_GzVzntzKe9Dcw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/29/2016", "Had one slice so this review may not be accurate. The dough is amazing. Reminds me of Pontillo's Pizza from the Basin with better dough. The cheese and sauce isn't anything special but it ain't bad. Ithaca's pizza game is weak but this place isn't bad. Family run, great people.", 4, 3], "NraL_Gh8E2_5YRkATTuluw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/27/2016", "Honestly I want to give this place more stars because their pizza just looked about as close as I was gonna get to Jersey in Ithaca and it didn't even taste half bad. The flavors were all there but I just can't explain what it was about the crust. It was chewy. Like really tough to bite into. You wound up taking half the cheese with you on the first bite just fighting to break the dough. Ugh. So disappointed. Onto the next pizza joint.", 3, 0], "1sGj_hhdWiz85gQn3dJ2yA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/22/2016", "Best pizza in Ithaca! We often get this for lunch and it's always consistent. My only complaint is the limited delivery, they often times won't deliver unless it's past 4pm, maybe that's just because where we are located in Ithaca. We would definitely order more of their delivery options were better. Otherwise I highly recommend.", 4, 2], "VVnwzteKMuKhZtCjeZGOzg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/13/2016", "The pizza is alright and the cooking staff is nice, but make sure you don't get Melissa. She's rude and will ruin your entire experience here.", 2, 0], "iZ_OPCI3ww1CDXpZPddkRg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/25/2016", "Don't order meatballs here!should have just ordered pizza.meatballs were bland- had no flavor whatsoever.pasta and sauce were fine though.", 3, 1], "OYKUy-cZOBQ5GHjQcfJ48Q": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/21/2016", "Overpriced, paid $18.50 for the 12\" special. The dough was flavorless and floppy. The sausage was under-seasoned, bell peppers and mushrooms chunks were too big... somehow making the pizza even more bland. Fries needed salt and we paid over $3 for a Bud Light. Not sure how the raving reviews below exist.", 1, 3], "aXKV0f4Zoi4Fl9HMArnZLA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "2/11/2016", "My favorite pizza in Ithaca! Delicious, cheesy, and freshly made- you can even watch them make your pizza while you wait. Took off one star because their salads are not so good... Unless you are a fan of Iceberg lettuce.", 4, 1], "pUqSK5l48R2jjAU0_tkILw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/9/2016", "Delicious pizza, and well priced too! I'd be willing to drive back from Buffalo just for the pizza!", 5, 1], "gRZp1TmuE_4Zn4F3vHQB6g": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/10/2015", "Reading the previous reviews on this site, my wife and I ordered a pizza and wings special with garlic bread. After having their pizza, the only conclusion I can come to is that those who call this the best pizza in Ithaca have never had pizza anywhere other than Ithaca.Let me get the good out of the way first - the garlic bread was tasty, and the wings were surprisingly close to true Buffalo wings - and the only reason this review is above 1-star. For my taste, they needed to be a touch crispier, but they were certainly more than adequate.But the place is named Sal's Pizza... And frankly, the pizza was drizzling shit. Undercooked toppings that slid off the base, a huge ring of doughy crust around the outside that severely limited how much of the pizza was covered with toppings, and the cheese covering the toppings in such a way that I initially thought a cheese only pizza was delivered (seriously - don't do this unless you are serving Chicago deep dish - it's terribly unappetizing). My wife and I have had pizza from Seattle to Miami, from LA to Boston, and dozens of stops in between - and this is without a doubt the worst pizza we've ever had. In fact, neither of us could have a second slice. It's a Frankenstein combination of the worst elements of Midwest pizza and New York style, without giving you any of the benefits of those styles. Feel free to get wings from here, but get the pizza from somewhere else.", 2, 2], "EIGl3MpOEkQQDiDpBrGLQA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/26/2015", "Best pizza in ithaca!! 2.50 draft shock tops! What more can you ask? Ordered Sal's special.", 5, 1], "gpRkBKg0n4j0R5cPb1FpcA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/28/2015", "We ordered the Sal's deluxe pizza. It was great. Good pizza sauce, plenty of cheese, very flavorful toppings. New York style. Wide selection of Italian dishes. Very good service. There was a constant stream of customers coming to pick up to-go orders.", 5, 0], "5--LSAUpKMfX8obw_0tkYw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/21/2015", "We walked in to find the owner throwing some dough. This was awesome. My daughter loved it. We ordered a plain pizza and picked our toppings. We also ordered a half order of the chicken wings. The pizza was crisp on the bottom and the cheese was REAL mozzarella. Ooey gooey and super cheesy. Delish.Now I need to tell you, I am from Buffalo. Buffalonians are very sensitive about how our wings are made. These guys nailed it. Perfect. I could go on and on but let me just say that this is how they are SUPPOSED to be prepared.", 5, 0], "5ysSw64I5_NVuhyDHxDWGg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/28/2015", "Exactly what we wanted in a late night pizza. Crust was perfect, crisp on bottom, and fluffy good all the way up. Sauce flavorful, topics as ordered. We got the plain and built our own. They nailed it. Staff was friendly and helpful, even with less than 30 minutes before closing.  Appreciate they were open until 10pm on Sunday when so many others locked up at 9pm.", 4, 0], "cgKjHkv0utYSdx1-Dc1CIg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/6/2015", "Really good pizza. Crust like fine bread generous tasty toppings. A bit pricey but I think worth it. We observed other meals delivered and they looked delicious too. We will keep them in mind when we drive through town again", 4, 1], "JIC39GTF5GWfK_LYy9UqsQ": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/26/2015", "Ok. High points for nostalgia for a girl who went to college in Boston and survived on pizza. Oily light tomato sauce, cheese and chunked veg like the best Boston Pizzeria counter places. Dining room is cross between Chinese diner, country western bar, and an 80's throw back D'Angelos. The draw for two tired parents was the promise of beer. Micro brews not available but a cold Shocktop in a frosty glass will do.", 3, 2], "z4zd2r5MMB36dAYOJNqNqQ": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/28/2015", "i've been here twice and my 2nd visit was definitely better than the first. on my first visit i ordered some buffalo wings and a large pizza that was half plain and half sausage and onion, and a sub for my lunch the next day. the wings had a good flavor but they were soggy and not crisp. the pizza had a good flavor but too much cheese, it was really really greasy. the crust had a good flavor and an ok texture, but i don't feel like it was stretched out evenly. the body of the pizza was too thin and then the crust was huge at the edges. the sauce was good but it was overpowered by the cheese and dough. the sausage was ok but nothing special in my book. the ham sub i got had a good flavor but there was very little meat on it, so i won't be ordering a sub from them again. my 2nd visit was better overall. this time i got an order of honey bbq wings and a large pizza that was half plain and half buffalo chicken. the wings had a better texture this time and the sauce was good but very familiar, it's the same sauce that pudgies and the haunt use for their honey bbq wings. as for the pizza, the dough was more evenly stretched this time and it made for a better eating experience. there wasn't as much cheese on it this time, which i was definitely thankful for, but the cheese still overpowered the sauce, especially the buffalo sauce on the chicken half. the chicken they used was a sliced up boneless skinless chicken breast, which is a nice change of pace from other places using deep fried breaded chicken fingers. overall, i would definitely rate this as one of the better pizza places in ithaca, but it does have some faults. this place is definitely better as a take out place because they don't really have a big selection of slices, and also it can be a little pricey.", 3, 3], "Fg_LhADnvsKjCor6h6aK0w": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/2/2015", "Still in search of our go-to Ithaca pizza delivery (after trying out numerous options), we decided to give Sal's a try a couple days ago. We still have several slices boxed up in the frig, which isn't the greatest sign of pizza appreciation in our house.I ordered a large veggie pizza (added feta and eggplant) and a large order of fries. The food arrived in a half hour, and was still quite warm. No parm or crushed red pepper came with the order or was offered (maybe they don't automatically do that in Ithaca/NY?). The pizza was ok. The toppings and cheese were somewhat heaped in the middle, so there was a large outer rim of the pizza with only red sauce. The onion topping was in very stringy rings, and the bell pepper pieces were too large and jagged. So, with each bite, I either had a long string of unchewable onion or a huge, jagged chunk of pepper to gnaw on. The red sauce needs more seasoning and salt. The crust is too chewy (especially upon reheating). The crust is tasty enough, though. I hardly noticed the added feta.The breaded eggplant that was added saved the pizza! It was delicious, and I could clearly taste it in every bite. If I give Sal's another try, I might just get an enormous pizza with double eggplant topping! Man, that was yummy!The fries were ok, also. Basic frozen fries. Needed a sprinkle of salt before they got packed up. A large order has enough fries for four people.", 3, 1], "LYqhMQBcGVlI6X4w9nWXAg": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/31/2015", "The most consistent carry out in the city. Sals has a myriad of fantastic options, and I have yet to have a menu item that isn't delicious. The menu is very much an Italian pizzeria menu, but their subs and dinner entrees are all outstanding. I particularly enjoy the veal parm dinner, among my favorites! The pizza is outstanding, the wings are great....I could really just go down the line naming menu items. Point being, if I ever have trouble deciding on a place to eat, this is always a great default option!", 5, 1], "Ftku0jK_mpJUQtIFvog3Ng": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/14/2014", "This is a proper slice. Excellent sauce, excellent crust. Crispy on the bottom and chewy on the ends. One of the owners is from Sicily maybe that's what makes the difference. Anyway they also make their own sausage. You want a slice of pizza in ithaca this is the place to go.", 5, 1], "PDAYE7DrTJlB2wdOPrsqVA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/4/2014", "Pizza was okay. Nothing better than standard. Service was okay. Nothing special, cafeteria style...", 2, 0], "sR47Ad8aDUOoEsIr1Bhc6A": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/8/2013", "Since I ordered on the phone, this is a review of their delivery, not the restaurant itself.I was in the mood for pizza but had a fair amount of work to do so I decided to go for a delivery instead. There are a few places within walking distance of where I live but the reviews aren't great and I figured I could get those any time, like when I'm walking home from class. So I decided to call for a delivery from this place.I went for one of their specials, a large pizza and an order of chicken wings. Of course, I didn't intend to eat it all in one sitting, but with all the homework and football this weekend, I figured I could spread it out over several meals. The pizza ended up lasting me for five meals. Call it disgusting, but I'm a lazy grad student who didn't feel like going grocery shopping this weekend. You do get a little tired of pizza after the third one, but at least the pizza quality didn't go down with microwaving.Chicken wings were pretty tasty. I actually enjoyed them a bit more than the pizza. But I didn't get a lot of blue cheese with it and you run low by the last few wings, and to be honest they weren't that big. As for the pizza, the cheese and sauce were great and there was a good amount of both. However, I wasn't a fan of the crust, which was really tough to chew despite being delivered fresh.They said they would deliver within half an hour, but it ended up being closer to 45 minutes. Not sure if it was because the driver had difficulty finding parking near my area or if it just took them that long to get my order together.Decent pizza overall but I think next time I'll just step outside and get a pizza slice nearby instead of just ordering a crapload all at once.", 3, 3], "obKTlGo0i8vnqWzR55p_og": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/10/2013", "they made a fresh pizza even though we got there late. friendly staff. very impressed with their chicken wings.", 4, 2], "935o39cgDwqTmroke_f7ZA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/2/2013", "Their pizza is solid but not spectacular. I like the crust, and the cheese was perfectly browned, but overall their wasn't enough sauce, and the sauce didn't have the right tang.", 3, 0], "wDTYB5GFJV6TqLm2P-gxUA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/18/2012", "This is our favorite pizza place in Ithaca -- most reliably good take-out pizza around, in my experience. They also prepare the orders fast, so you can go get a pick-up pizza in 10 or 15 minutes. We always get a simple cheese pizza and are never disappointed.", 4, 3], "ZMaj_jdOrAL0w-t9XrpggA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/18/2012", "After reading the other reviews I was expecting to enjoy the food from here. The small pesto pizza was horrendously overpriced. Additionally it didn't taste much like pesto. Unbearably greasy and largely flavorless. So disappointing that it makes me wonder if the other reviews are done by the owner's friends or something...", 2, 3], "3HfgZZ4K1lsmjwmFegOciw": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/1/2012", "Wow..came back to Ithaca from Boston and after about a 10 year hiatus they remembered me, knew how I liked to dress the pizza and then proceeded to created the same quality, crispy pizza that I remembered:) Still the very best in Ithaca.", 5, 7], "9-VYUahgyeqUjE-kwElYHA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/30/2012", "Sal's pizza and wings are always good. Although I'm a big Philly fan and I'm not crazy about them here.", 4, 0], "43_utsZ0fG5hZDNe9VnlnA": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/27/2011", "This is the best pizza in the area by far. They also have excellent wings. It's definitely a dive and I'm sure most of their business is carry-out, but I always eat in and have never had a bad experience. Seriously, try the pizza... you won't be disappointed! The white garlic is out of this world!", 5, 4], "cf5o9KACiKpAZbrpTjXjiQ": ["Yelp", "Sal\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/4/2011", "So good! The fried shrimp was probably the best in Ithaca. Service was fast and the food was really good. It is kind of a hole in the wall the place, but if you are in the mood for a low-key place and tasty food, it works!", 4, 4]}
{"MYz40iZP8Rl-7U1NIsQ9jQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "9/28/2018", "Not much to look at from outside . Very good IPA. COLD BEER very good pizza. We had pizza beer special. We loved it.FRIENDLY PLACE.!", 4, 0], "L0gax8D67YECDO-o6x4qPQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/11/2018", "I write not in anger, but sorrow. Great space, terrific beers, but - despite claiming to be \"kid friendly\" - the staff were grouchy about children doing children things. Don't make noise, play rough with the Skee Ball, or otherwise step out of line and you will likely enjoy a good atmosphere and drink. We won't go back, though.", 2, 0], "vpBvLaDk3KbvbQySUD2Vlg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "7/25/2018", "The pizza is very inconsistent. There are times when the pizza is very good. However tonight was the third time I ordered a pizza from scale house and discovered when I got home, that the dough was not cooked all the way through.", 3, 1], "4EivHRhTCkEKjbKBTqveKw": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "2/26/2018", "Always good pizza, the Dirty Blonde draft is usually good. Good calzones and service is usually pretty good. But, after going there for a few years, I'm tired of the small space. Maybe not their fault as there is no room to expand unless they buy out the laundromat or store on either side and knock out a wall. But when you have 8 or 9 tables and I come in with wife for a first class date night, cause that's how I roll, and only a second rate pizza joint will do, and there are no tables, well, see ya.We did go back a few nights later and commandeered a table in the back and set up shop. Drinks for all. Pizza and wings for me and my wench. Our order was taken promptly and then apparently forgotten about.Crickets.We saw two tables who came in after us get served their food.Oh my.Not one to bitch holy underwear Batman.Apparently, it was a shift change of some sort and our food was left on the warmer. It came out the same way, warm but not hot.Waitress and manager were both good about it and discounted appropriately.I've always liked this joint but it's always been a little tight seating and on the expensive side.And that Dirty Blonde home brew is sometimes great and sometimes not.Stick to a recipe brewmaster.", 3, 0], "LRCMGptKYZqXbOwQb29HYw": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "12/21/2017", "Best pizza and wings around. They always deliver quickly and the staff seems more than pleasant. Their sandwiches suck, I can't deny that. But the wings make up for it.", 5, 4], "BCxqxrvlOmCPalNdmV3IcA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "10/13/2017", "Imperial IPA...meh. Bartender was pleasant and service was fine. Bathrooms were disgusting, kitchen staff cursing and chugging beers in the back having a party. Well now....", 2, 0], "1PRTonzUcBaeZp3iQX1lWA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "10/6/2017", "Amazing hidden gem! Great service, food and beer! Super cute little bar area. Local place with character. Perfect place for a low-key date or night out.", 5, 0], "m8NYDAZHgcxXE1jmJ43N4Q": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "9/30/2017", "Beers were just ok but the service was extraordinary. Kayla made us feel like part of the family. And the setting was beautiful.", 4, 0], "e4ZpGygoiSCxQ_PaLwXiQg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/26/2017", "Fantastic neighborhood family owned Brew House! We live right around the corner and LOVE coming here for great beer, great wings, and delicious pizza. Their brews are delicious- we often get the Summer Ale, Oatmeal Stout, and the Peanut Butter Stout. Check out their daily specials too!", 5, 0], "nLW9N9cQdAqpDR7NZoPUdQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "6/30/2017", "Love this place for their pizza, wings and house brewed beer! Just had another wonderful experience here and had to write a review. Their pizza is great with a wonderful crust and fresh toppings. I'm also always drawn to take part in their 2 pints and dozen wings special for $11. Their wings are large and I tend to order them crispy with hot sauce that is spicy but still has nice flavor. They are also a local brewery so grab one of their house beers- tonight I has their IPA which was delicious but I've also enjoyed their red ale. The location is in an unassuming and maybe disconcerting strip mall but don't shy away it's wonderful, casual and worth a try!", 5, 1], "YfYSQrqx81RX50w1uDHCmQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "5/19/2017", "Location in Hector is fantastic. Lake view. GREAT beer. Fast and very friendly service! I guess it just opened, but you wouldn't know it as they seem to have things running smoothly. Pizza is thick crust with generous toppings. Very comfortable place to hang. I think they are going to need to expand soon based on their second Friday evening in business.", 5, 0], "GnzHy-0gWXf3whYAFOTXkA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "4/19/2017", "Good beer, friendly staff. Had a calzone that was delicious. I would definitely go back.", 4, 0], "P_5_8EJoOxUmnweEp_G-uA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "1/22/2017", "It was the first place ever to fry their burgers to the request and not \"well-done\" no matter what you ask for. For such a small and \"not fancy\" pub/pizzeria I was genuinely surprised. The beers on tap are also pretty good. Overall they offer a great quality/price ratio.", 5, 1], "u6TyUEC1cJEB_XAafuWmdQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/22/2016", "Awesome ambience, terrific service and fantastic food. Special tonight was $11 personal pizza with 2 pints or bbq wings with 2 pints - great deal and were full! Daughters French fries week amazing too - add Parmesan.", 5, 0], "TlBXgConWCyb_0kNY1a8CA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "6/29/2016", "What a hidden gem!!! Amazing pizza and delicious beer brewed onsite. Great small atmosphere. I'm so glad we found this place. I enjoyed the oatmeal stout and peanut butter stout. Also tried the IPA and red ale which also were good! Pizza handmade on premise and absolutely delicious!!", 5, 0], "Sp6K8XyMe4FpuqCpdO45mA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "5/15/2016", "Nice service and quiet atmosphere. Really great beer. Would go back again. Anxious to try the peanut butter stout.", 4, 0], "uM6DnGqNy03rSetg9iAVYA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "5/1/2016", "Pizza here is usually pretty good, but a recent take-out order experience was marred by the owner giving me a hard time about using a restaurant.com coupon. He needs to revise the fine print on his offer if he only wants to honor them for dine-in. I don't appreciate being treated like I'm trying to cheat them.", 1, 3], "mz2tfuE5qWAEFe3QCFRl1Q": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "4/11/2016", "This is a great little pub. I love their pizza and the service has been good the 2 times I've been here. If you want a pizza while out, this low-key pub is the place to go.", 4, 0], "btrVx8xbHvHiQkH_5szfDg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "2/18/2016", "I used to order the Chicken Philly sub all the time. I guess the cook changed since the last time I ordered. This one came with onions without asking. The sub roll was cut completely in half with VERY small diced chicken pieces. You can imagine the task it is to pick up such an assembled sub. No seasoning what-so-ever; unless you count the free and unwanted onions.The only plus I can offer is the delivery driver was very nice.", 2, 0], "k852iKY7dsksQdD8D84QOg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "1/6/2016", "Great, and I mean great, pizza plus brews made on the premises add up to a terrific place to try.", 5, 0], "X-ecny7t_-O1GTAxN6N-gg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "9/20/2015", "Stopped in on a Sunday Funday during football season. Great place to catch a game. Wonderful beer and the Speidie wings are THE BEST wings I've ever had, and I eat a lot of wings. Definitely recommended.", 5, 0], "o18chP7yy1aWtjiRE_fwzQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "5/6/2015", "Very friendly bar with a lot of locals. The own brewed beer is absolutely lovely. Also the specials they offer are really cheap and good! I come here very often to get a pizza or wing special with a own brewed beer.Highly recommend this place.They also have student discounts.", 5, 0], "RKbUN6ZeP7QeEpfXkHrRqg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "3/8/2015", "Stars based largely on beer quality... Not good. Decent place, nice people, calzones were good, but the beer was quite sub par. I had an IPA that tasted nothing like an IPA, no hop flavor whatsoever. The lager tasted like a Rauchbier, with no mention of smokey character. Pretty disappointing.If this was just a pizza joint I'd give them four stars, but as a brewery, there's room for improvement.", 3, 1], "rrbsx71nk0TI5-dnQLWjEA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "11/25/2014", "I give this place 0 stars, but I can't leave a review w/no rating. We were staying in Ithaca overnight while visiting family. We chose this place b/c we thought it sounded good, casual, etc. Went in and were told to sit anywhere, so we chose the least dirty table we could find. After sitting there for a while, someone took our drink order. In the meantime a woman came in and asked if our car was (and she described the car) and she said we \"bashed into her son's girlfriend's car\". We didn't, then her sons who worked in the kitchen came out and proceeded to cause a scene, calling us little bitches telling us he'd spit in our food. Very classy. We called the police who came and surveyed the situation. The POS car that the girlfriend was driving had a big puncture in the fender which no one could seem to remember if it was there previously. The police informed them that no way could our car make a puncture like that and it had obvioulsy been there a while. Needless to say, I would not recommend any place where the workers tell you they'll spit in your food. Makes me wonder, what do they do to the food they don't say they'll spit in???", 1, 0], "RV21FGwQ6VWjPajt2n7Yfg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "10/5/2014", "First the good. The spicy sausage and mushroom pizza was great! The beer is horrible. Not brewed to style at all. Not even close with the hefeweizen and bock. Horrible ...horrible beers. Utterly nasty. Worst than most first attempts at home brew. The IPA was...drinkable barely. The staff could care less. A guy was asleep in the middle of the place. All the people at the bar were drinking Bud/miller/coors. Avoid unless you are already drunk and want some greasy pizza.", 1, 0], "DUepDhdGT0G7I8_d5CDhnw": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "9/12/2014", "Wish I could give this brewery more than 2 stars because the owner/brewer was very nice. However the place was dirty (cleanliness is next to Godliness when brewing beer) and most of the beer very ordinary. The red ale was off with a medicinal aftertaste. Double bock was good. Wouldn't use the restroom because of the overall air of uncleanliness.", 2, 0], "7BSUcq8oME5_zSvhVs0gGQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/12/2014", "This review is less about the food than the tactics used by staff. First, to be fair, let me say the pizza was very good. The beer is made on premises, but it is very mediocre. I had 2 different beers, and I really can't highly recommend either of them. The stout was especially disappointing, very watered down and not very complex in flavor.The real problem started with the \"Happy Hour\". They have a board that says draft beer was $2. I mentioned this to the waitress and the fact I wanted to order 3 beers up front to take advantage of this since the happy hour was due to end in 15 minutes, she said this was no problem. Apparently it was, as when I received the bill I was charged $3 apiece, this was for 2 different types of their beer. When I brought this to her attention she stammered and then said these were \"specialty\" beers. When I asked which beers were $2, I was told that of the 4 draft beers they had on tap, only one was $2. It said nothing on the board about this, nor did the waitress mention this. This seems deceitful, a bait and switch tactic. I know we're only talking about $3 total here, but it's more about the principal.", 2, 0], "bXAcRlQ8WMkeLWMy2FO6gg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/3/2014", "Stopped in when visiting the area for a wedding, good was delicious! Service was great. Highly recommend the wings!", 4, 0], "SdUSeeJHuSswQVX5Jn28uQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "4/17/2014", "Pizzas are great. The service was a bit slow and they ran out if dishes. Once we get service the waitress was great. Enjoying open mike was another plus to stopping in.", 3, 0], "SEmHVV9JHU3tvQM9rzh9oQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "3/23/2014", "Goldfish for a snack at the bar is a great start. Pizza and wing specials were great. Bartender could not have been nicer. Will go again soon.", 5, 0], "tDS8afryjlOyW7v0Bs-2zQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "3/6/2014", "A nice little micro brewery with good pizza and calzones. It's short staffed sometimes but people are really nice. Check out the live jazz and rock music evenings. They also have a karaoke night if you are into that kind of thing. Highly recommend the hot wings. Definitely the best calzones in town!", 3, 0], "bSprv7UiaxfgdjSOTXSZ4A": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "2/21/2014", "The food? Fabulous. Price? Pretty decent. The service, however, is an entirely other beast. We went last night and waited an inordinate amount of time just to get menus, let alone have an order taken. Getting our checks was another long wait. At one point someone from a nearby table (heck, they're all nearby, there are only 10 of them) stood up to get the waitress and asked if they could place a drink order. Her reply? \"Yeah, in a minute\". I'm sorry, WHAT? No. Just....no. The place was not busy enough to warrant that sort of reply, particularly when said waitress was hanging out, leaning on the bar, with her back to her tables.  The food may have been good, but not worth crappy service.", 2, 2], "w5Sb206iI90RKAfB5FJdeQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "2/8/2014", "Best deal for cold beer and good food! 2 pints and a dozen wings, or small pizza, 10 bucks! And they have goldfish for snacks at the bar. You can't go wrong!", 5, 2], "loBDHV3e1PdSMAbOwXS5-A": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "1/26/2014", "Husband and I went here last night. Been before with mixed results. Arrived at 5:10pm. Waitress took drink order. Then we waited 20 minutes to place our food order. Ordered loaded fries for appetizer which arrived another 30 minutes later and were not edible - overcooked and stuck to the aluminum foil. We needed to leave by 6:20pm for a hockey game. We also ordered a small pizza which had not arrived by 6:20pm. We left without eating. Our waitress was not attentive nor concerned about the wait time. TWe go out to dinner about once a month and work hard for our money, this was such an unpleasant experience.", 1, 3], "quSiGOXVzUkdkAR3evM3gw": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "1/18/2014", "Didn't try the beer, but I wasn't too impressed by the food. I ordered pizza and wings and got it to go. First of all, the guys working there seemed to just be messing around and didn't seem to know what to do to fulfill the order I'd placed 20 minutes before. They ended up giving me the wrong pizza, and the box was dripping with grease. Pizza and wings tasted alright, but weren't anything special. Probably won't go here again.", 2, 0], "bYbVEDHXiNXzq_WLalN2kA": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "8/25/2013", "A really neat off the beaten path brew pub. The beer (I had a red) was served in a frosted mug. The calzone was crisp on the outside and stuffed with sausage and cheese - plenty of mozzarella but short on ricotta. The calzone was enormous and really good. The people next to me got a pizza that looked amazing. Give this place a try.", 4, 0], "qvIPVXKpgGCAR1ZgHe59fQ": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "7/19/2013", "Happy hour Tuesday's 4-6. Great prices! Great bartender! Enough said!", 5, 0], "UTmhn64mRyFFzmF8YP6zRg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "12/26/2011", "I love micro brew pubs and whenever I travel I try to drink local. So, when visiting my in-laws for Christmas I found my way into the Scale House to grab some home brewed beers before dinner. Seeing that they usually have only three types of beer I ordered their Pilsner and my brother-in-law got their dark Bock. I would have ordered their red ale but they were sold out. My Pilsner tasted like water. Sure. There was a hint of hoppiness and evidence that fermentation did actually occur, but for the most part it was just slightly carbonated yellow water with particles of little somethings floating on the bottom of my glass. Not good. I tasted my brother-in-law's Bock and it was better with some darker tones and flavor but it still wasn't anything great. In fact even though we had 40 minutes to kill before we had to head back home we just nursed our sad beers and had no longing to order a second round. Add in the odd assortment of art school student painted murals of fruit bowls, wolves, and waterfalls I had to look at, and the tacky and dirty holiday table clothed tables where I had to rest my arms, and I really have no reason to come back here. It's too bad. Their website is top notch and their food menu looks promising but this is one local mirco brew pub I will not be coming back to the next time I'm visiting family.", 2, 2], "MCP61NDPB-9eDidm3idvWg": ["Yelp", "Scale House Brew Pub", "11/16/2010", "Good beer, hand crafted and brewed right at this location. Now when I'm in Ithaca, I always stop at the Ithaca Beer Company on Elmira and sample all the beers fresh from the tap. But when I'm up for a meal with my brews the Scale House is the place in Ithaca. I belly up to the bar and order a pale ale and take a few sips and savor the flavors that Bud and Coors just can't ever produce. Then I get up and cross the imaginary line in the floor and wonder over to Northeast pizza and order a slice or two of their bar pie with black olives and xtra cheese. A few minutes later my slices are delivered by one of the Cornell or Ithaca College students who work here. The slices are piping hot and not at all like that thin pizza you get in the city, these slices are thick and chewy with an acidity/sweet/garlic-y sauce with mellow but flavorful melted cheese that tastes more like a blend of whole milk mozzarella, provolone, and perhaps a bit of munster or brick cheese for added richness. The black olives add just the perfect amount of salt and brine to round out these flavorful slices of pure pizza perfection. The pale ale is a perfect beer to accompany the grease from the cheese. When in Ithaca, eat where the brainy Cornell students eat and imbibe and that's at the Scale House Brewery located in a tiny shopping center behind a rundown hotel off Tripphammer road just past the Tripphammer Mall. Enjoy!", 3, 4]}
{"Nbh_gQQTwCsNNbpc-WxrgA": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "2/15/2019", "We randomly chose this bar on a quick dinner choice. We found it on Yelp and it had cute pictures and a decent menu. It's a bit off the beaten path but the service and atmosphere was great. The Crossroads Poutine, Lobster Mac and cheese and Bisque was very tasty. Great choice!", 4, 0], "E7Qw_e2kEqJzKRNaDDcI5g": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "2/9/2019", "Great stop for a drink and food. Had the wings and fried cheese curds to munch on. Bar service was quick and bartenders always have their A game. They have QuickDraw, pool,darts etc. Good size bar area with a large dining room in back. Plenty of parking as well", 4, 0], "HrOyN86ZemYd5VVbs2X6qw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "1/16/2019", "the burgers are huge and full of flavor. I had the Cowboy burger...for apps we got the Crossroads Poutine, it was excellent!", 4, 0], "rqSCIfufhRp4Bk6VPi-uOA": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "12/21/2018", "Not a bad establishment which is located just about 6-8 miles from the Ithaca Mall in Lansing.", 4, 0], "tfyWv2Bghq-tMsu19HRQ0w": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "12/19/2018", "Since Jay took over here this is one of the best places to eat in the area. This went from a dive bar to a fantastic family friendly bar and grill literally overnight.", 5, 0], "_lJHhrkcPkNyvlb5yzj_7w": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "9/14/2018", "We found this restaurant on Yelp during s visit to Ithaca. It was near our hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised by the friendly attentive service and great food. My wife had French onion soup which was delicious and topped with melted cheese. I had a special fried oyster appetizer and lobster roll. They have a reasonably quiet dining room in the back. If you're staying in Ithaca on the north side, and want a good meal at a reasonable price, this place is a great find.", 5, 0], "g5daHrp2_x9PVMBoEhBJRg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "8/25/2018", "Definitely not what I was expecting from reading previous Yelp reviews. This is a dive bar that probably does very well for the drinking crowd. We came in for lunch on a road trip. I ordered the Chatty wrap. They were more than willing to accommodate the small changes to the order. The wrap was just gross. The peppers didn't pair well with the chicken and fresh lettuce and tomato didn't belong. I ordered sweet potato fries as my side and they came out over cooked and almost burnt. I was unimpressed and do not see the appeal of this place other than drinks.", 2, 4], "hbyptN5jabRcUoYgln_Tag": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/30/2018", "What a great place for dinner. This was our first time eating here and I can honestly say we will be back. I highly recommend the lobster roll and the wings. The medium sauce on the wings was amazing!Great atmosphere and great service!!", 5, 1], "K7v1JB4eeFLjmKWTeBUnGQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "3/20/2018", "This is my go-to favorite restaurant for family visits, first dates, hang outs. Everytime I'm there, there's a special event going on whether birthday or organization party. Even though they are in one of the other rooms or outside, it brings a fun atmosphere to the place, making it open and inviting. It also makes it noisy and crowded later at night. The menu has fabulous burgers and huge side portions, a variety of salads, and if you ask nicely, they'll even bring ice cream that's not on the menu for dessert. The waitresses always go out of their way for my group when I'm there too.", 5, 1], "O8t2U7pD4ZE163qAPIKCLg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "3/19/2018", "Nice place, good food... great service.  We ate at the bar, and enjoyed the food, the people studying and the company around us.The fries are great! Sandwiches good and service is friendly.", 4, 2], "paiUTyRFssrgSshz3_pweQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "9/27/2017", "Always so delicious! The Appetizer fries and Chicken Parm are our favorites. They add different entrees throughout the year, for new seasonal treats. It is a great local restaurant!", 5, 0], "FKdlHYk9iMZOb7G4rQubUg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "9/11/2017", "Great Wings. Go with the Mess variety. Can't be beat. Very friendly staff and a decent beer selection. Well worth checking out!", 5, 1], "8An5uBMQgJQ97J4vNjrCfg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/17/2017", "This week I was able to see another talent the Owner Jay at Crossroads has to offer...Catering! We had a Brunch that was just Perfect! The Food, Service and Setting really made our event special! If you are looking for a Caterer Please Contact Crossroads Resturant!Friday Night, We had Friends from out of town show up at the house, so we took them to Crossroads For a fantastic Fish dinner! The Food and the Service were Outstanding, Our friends were very Happy with this meal & our Brunch!", 5, 1], "xqGExgweKDlZZZNR_kXqWw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "6/3/2017", "Amazing place with amazing food. The owner Jay worked with me on an event and he was unbelievably accommodating especially on short notice! I'm always comfortable recommending this place to friends due to the amazing service and food because I know it will never disappoint.", 5, 1], "Hyx4ePw9Ia-ZgZgK2X4roQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "5/23/2017", "Love this place- great food, laid back and unpretentious. The first time I visited here I was hesitant because it lacks a bit of curb appeal but I'm glad we went! It has become a favorite if mine and my husband's for lunch or dinner. The owner is a chef and does wonderful food that is mostly scratch made, great quality but still very approachable for all. I haven't had anything I dislike but favorites are their burgers, including a shockingly good veggie burger, their Mac and cheese and appetizer fries that have wing sauce and parmesan. Also has a great deck and yard area and nice bar selection. If you're an SU fan this is the place to go for games. The owner is an alum and makes it lots of fun. Check out Crossroads!", 5, 0], "eRA850onIjWfiWgXuKfavQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "2/6/2017", "Relaxed atmosphere and the best darn chicken wings I have ever tasted. Try the \"Mess Wings.\" Whether you're a meat eater, or a vegetarian, the Crossroads has something delicious for you. Amazing reubens, burgers, veggie-burgers, salads, and fries... all with delectable dipping sauces (try the malt vinegar, or horseradish aoli!) Beware, the Irish fries are homemade \"chips.\" Still delightful. Staff is accommodating and friendly. If you're looking for a burger and a pint (Ithaca Beer highly recommended!) this is a great spot. If you're on a quest for the perfect chicken wing... it's a must stop!", 4, 2], "Y2CiTNWN5_DRxl9SHUresw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "1/1/2017", "This is a family favorite. Food is excellent and service is great, driven by the chef Jay.", 5, 0], "UXxLuf4ClG6d_h2dHhcrEA": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "8/18/2016", "I just walked out after sitting on the patio for 12 minutes without anyone saying anything to me or offering me a drink or a menu.The sign says ask hostess for seating outside. I didn't see the hostess anywhere so I asked the bartender who told me I could sit outside.Common sense suggests that if you see someone sitting there with no drink, food, or menu they should probably be offered one. I tried to get one of the waitress's attention to no avail.I can't speak for the food or drinks BECAUSE I WASN'T OFFERED ANY. As for the service, I've had better.", 1, 0], "Taqg56WC5wCY8jTf1BK_GA": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/12/2016", "A large number of us went to the Crossroads Bar & Grille after participating in a local fundraiser. We were seated on the deck and as we trickled in they brought out even more tables to accommodate us since there was more in attendance than originally planned for. Everyone seemed to really like their food. Many people at my table got the onion rings as \"a side\" and really loved them. I had a grilled chicken wrap and it was very good. Jay, the owner, was present the whole time making sure that all of our needs were taken care of. He and his staff were very friendly. I had never been there before, but I personally felt very welcome there as Jay personally brought me my drink order and called me by name upon each interaction. I love the Ithaca area and would like to stop by again. It was a fairly quiet Sunday afternoon, but I saw that they had several corn hole games set up in the back and regularly host Paint and Sip nights. I am thinking that it is probably a great place to come hang out with friends.", 4, 5], "kBHgDkOJYVI8syYPrj7Mwg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "6/14/2016", "Had dinner for the first time here tonight and everything was excellent! Had the chili cheese fries for an appetizer and they were great! Fries were cooked crispy enough that they weren't a soggy mess from the chili, they were just right. Two of us ordered the Cowboy burger; it was enormous and it was cooked perfectly! One of the best burgers I've ever had! HAd onion rings as my side and they were also some of the best onion rings I've had, nice and crispy!! Onion rings were a little salty but personally I really liked that about them! Also ordered the breaded wings, chef accommodated our request to make the wings not just medium, but medium w/ garlic and they were excellent! Love the breading, makes the wings very different! Overall the food was excellent!The service was great! The waitress was so nice and helpful, recommended trying the breaded wings which we loved! The owner was very friendly and also checked in with us during our meal! The vibe of the place is just what we were looking for, kind of country, very casual bar, but had a dining area separate from the bar. The place has a beautiful deck out back with horseshoe pits and corn-hole set up to play. We came on a Tuesday night and it appeared to be \"poker night\" in the bar which is really cool. Also saw they offer Sip n' Paint nights as well!Would recommend this place to anyone and everyone! I'm not from around that area, but wish I lived closer so I could visit more often!", 5, 3], "WVWObQbwFrgNl_AHrCVkTQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "12/19/2015", "Stopped in here one night, pretty late, while traveling. Jay, the owner, greeted us promptly and said that even though the kitchen was technically closed, he would take care of us. The service was great, the food was awesome, and the prices were unbelievably low. Try the house fries and the provolone sticks. Burgers are awesome too! Thanks again Jay and company! Keep up the great work!!!", 5, 0], "hlPNzWsW0K0ncL-6U7L96g": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "8/18/2015", "Went to eat here with some friends and was surprised at the quality of what we got, considering the high praise this place gets in reviews. We ordered a burger, a pulled pork sandwich, and the southern fried chicken. None of these was especially good, but none was terrible - very middle of the road. The pulled pork (which I got) was lacking in flavor. I had hoped for some kind of distinctive homemade BBQ sauce or something, but it tasted like it came out of a bottle - very forgettable. That plus the copious raw red onions stacked on top did not leave a great impression. The fries were well-cooked and not greasy, but that was about it. Our server was nice, and kept our water glasses filled at regular intervals.The ambience was also a little strange. Hard to explain, but it felt like the restaurant was just waiting to become a bar later in the evening. Like the whole place would switch over to bar mode around 10pm and never look back. Didn't feel friendly like a local restaurant typically does. Overall, this place is a solid three stars, but no higher. Food and service that's pretty basic, but nothing special.", 3, 2], "XdIAN9HxhLg4kzD9VIi8Bw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/11/2015", "Best wings in Ithaca ... Great bar.... Did I say great wings? And the wings are great.", 4, 3], "ftxiQFDhQ77o0OyPkm1yOw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "6/13/2015", "We fell in love with this little place! The bartenders Kristy and Kim were fantastic! We ordered the Mess wings and the party that happened in my mouth was amazing! The mushroom bacon soup... was so delicious with just the right amount of flavor. And the locals embraced us like long lost cousins. Thank you for such an enjoyable lunch!", 5, 3], "gEXLFFM8oRZYypR8CRwbuw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "4/9/2015", "Crossroads is a good place to have a beer with some friends, but their kitchen is hit or miss for me. they have a good selection of beers, although i do wish they had Yuengling on tap, and the place is pretty clean and has a comfortable vibe. the juke box is kind of weird though, it's an internet juke box but it has a lot of essential stuff missing from it for some reason. as for the food, the best thing i had here was the fried chicken. it was flavorful and had a good texture, and the mashed potatoes it came with were good too. everything else i had though i didn't care for. the mac n cheese was kinda bland, and the fries are house cut but i don't think they do a good job of cooking them, the insides don't get done enough and they weren't crisp at all. i tried the buffalo wings and the house wings and i wasn't really a fan of either sauce, the house sauce was pretty salty. the wings here are breaded, which i don't mind, but i feel like the breading fights the sauce and you don't get the full flavor of either one. as for the pulled pork sandwich, the menu said it's slow smoked but that's definitely not done in house, and once they put all that generic BBQ sauce on it, any smoke flavor it might have had gets lost. i suspect it's Austin Blues pulled pork, which is a pre-cooked product. it was too sweet and i couldn't even finish the whole sandwich. like i said, this is a good place to drink at, and i would try more of their food again. the owner i met was very friendly and i would suggest checking this place out", 3, 4], "4AXL08HtKKgtHSpgqyv33Q": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "12/30/2014", "The fish fry is phenomenal. Kim always makes sure the service is always spot on!Also try the wings!", 4, 1], "KkT0hsEgV0GAn23bJxoVWw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/30/2014", "Went to crossroads as part of a large wedding party. We were set up on the back porch with our own small buffet. The prime rib was great and the chicken cordon bleu was just as good. The owner went above and beyond to make sure that our party was doing well, even going as far to make separate kids meals for some youngsters with more fickle palates. All employees were extremely attentive to empty water glasses and finished plates. Also was able to play a few rounds of horseshoes and cornhole after dinner. Would totally recommend for any bigger group, great find wish we lived closer.", 5, 3], "8v4ZdB_eZxs5Q13iTeiBXw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "6/16/2014", "Start with service,Love the waitresses, their wicked nice, but they are often forgetful and they don't stop by the table often to refill drinks (which those who follow me on yelp know I am a stickler about).The food here is pretty good though.The burger had good flavor, good toppings, like the bread and the fries are spot on. The ribs were pretty good too. Loved the bbq sauce (not too overpowering and not too much applied on top of the ribs). They were very tender, very juicy, lots of flavor and overall were pretty darn good!This place is only 2 miles from my apartment so it's definitely my go to place for food when I don't want to travel and I put this on-par with applebees in terms of food and service which is a good thing (read my applebees review).I like it here but definitely not the best food I've ever had, but still a big cut ahead of lot of places I have tried!", 4, 2], "MApIxL9ZLrk-v0UXn9L3_A": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "5/15/2014", "One of the best burgers in the area by far and I am a burger expert!It's a bit dodgy when the people from the bar are outside on the deck smoking whilst you are eating your dinner. This should not be allowed. Smoking and food do not go. Also there were young children around as this is a family restaurant. To note some of the patrons didn't seem to get that you don't walk around swearing your nuts off when small children are present. It shows lack of respect, manners and is just plain ignorant. The manager needs to sort that out!The choice of food is good, the wait staff are ok and the food is decent enough. I would probably go back on a quieter night as to not get smoke in my lungs from ignorants that should know better.", 3, 0], "_UQRASRgaIGZmRsYzqoX-Q": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "5/9/2014", "My friend suggested this place since we both, long time ago, knew the owner when he was our student. Great salads, burgers and fries....and although I am gluten-free, I ate the ice cream that came with my friend eating the hot brownie! Good waitress, large eating area and would have lived sitting outdoors if the weather cooperated.", 4, 0], "eBQNkidDjOJriPchr7Oypg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "5/2/2014", "Great food (house fries and wings are amazing), awesome atmosphere, friendly staff... we love Crossroads for lunch, dinner or just having a few cocktails with friends...", 5, 2], "cqYp71pLl6v8uo2RNrHXAg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "1/13/2014", "Love Crossroads. Friendly, great food, reasonably priced. Been to parties there as well as lunch or dinner on a regular basis. Good place to take kids.", 5, 1], "U6h5c1myvmfvSJr0fkMh2Q": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "7/7/2013", "This is the kind of place you can take a big group of friends when you want to catch up over good food and drink.  The menu has something for everyone--burgers, salads, ribs-- though the strength, in my opinion, is in upscale versions of classic meat and potatoes American fare. It was hard to decide what to order...so many interesting choices.The calamari appetizer could feed four people. It was *excellent*, served with two sauces for dipping. One was a garlic aioli; both were very good but I would have preferred a little more heat or kick in the sauces. I finally decided on a risotto dish with asparagus and grilled portobello mushrooms. Tasty, but a little heavy for a hot summer evening.  Big portions, so you are definitely getting your money's worth. My companion enjoyed the prime rib which came with smashed potatoes and delectable green beans.We were too full for dessert. I definitely want to go back for lunch to try the burgers and sweet potato fries. I'm also dying to try the chicken-fried chicken, and sides like mac-and-cheese. But that trip will have to wait for colder weather, when comfort food will sit better with me. In the meantime...lunch, or a night out with friends to grab cold beer and appetizers would be perfect. Maybe sit on the outdoor deck and watch the sun go down.The bar was busy, with a friendly crowd who seemed to be having fun. I liked the low-key vibe. Service was attentive and professional.", 4, 3], "o-09aTt24bunw8iwnoU4pQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "3/2/2013", "The young owner and waiter was very charismatic and friendly. He gets your name, remembers and makes relevant recommendations. The burgers are amazing! The Irish fries are pretty good--think fried potato chips with a spiced yogurt sauce. The restaurant is in the back. In the front, there is a pool table and bar. There is also a patio that apparently comes in use during the summer when they serve seafood and have clam days. Did I mention to try the burgers?!", 4, 5], "kxC-hbsO8aLGF5bVc-3qvQ": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "1/21/2013", "This place has good food and great people. The burger is great along with the philly and wings. If you want a good philly ask for the spicy BBQ its not on the menu but its soo good!! Go for the sweet potato fries as a side or the mac-n-chz... As for the bar it has an amazing back bar and nothing is over priced.", 5, 2], "vrDTX5FknEQbYiikQ0mGIg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "4/18/2012", "First time experience and I can't tell enough people about this place. The bar has a total NYC feel and still really comfy/homey. Everything I tasted was sooo good! Nothing crazy too crazy on the menu, just simple and well cooked food. The mac & cheese, \"mess\" sauce wings & burger were soooo yummy!! I thought I had the most amazing waiter in Ithaca but turns out he is the owner who I heard was from the city, which def explains the d\u00e9cor & unique wing sauces. He was so attentive that we were just finishing our beers and he already had fresh ones :) He sounds like he really loves the family feel to his restaurant, just a really nice dude. I'm trying not to go back today that's how much I enjoyed this restaurant.", 5, 6], "JNsmlbuFrLlyqmXVsoD3rw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "3/30/2012", "This place is great. As for the comment on the owner being a thief, I would question that. The owner treats his customers very well from what I've seen. He's from the community and as a young business owner, he breaks his back to ensure you're happy.They've got a pool table, darts, touchtunes, quickdraw, and an AMAZING liquor selection. Great atmosphere and interior finishes.The food is good, nothing spectacular, but definitely solid pub food. Good beer prices, their drafts are fresh, served in the appropriate glassware (like previously mentioned), and they have $2.25 PBR 16oz slammers all day every day.The crowd is townie, but still open to everyone passing through. Not intimidating for a stranger.", 5, 4], "NX1V5gjKSrrJj60WSp-5Cw": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "2/15/2012", "The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is very good,and I love the bar area, but unfortunately the owner is a thief. That's kind of a big strike that overshadows the good. He has been quoted as saying he adds \"special tax\" onto certain customers tabs. I was one of the many that was purposely overcharged. Because he is charming you fall for it and pay it anyways. DO NOT.. I REPEAT.. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR TAB OPEN AT THE BAR. Its a shame that such a nice place can be ruined by an untruthful owner.", 1, 9], "wCQnBxNHtL-Q4PMJlM3EAg": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "1/22/2012", "Really good pub food, good prices, and a pretty decent beer selection. Not a ton but usually a couple good microbrews at good prices. Staff always seems to be working hard too but still makes time to show some good customer service. A solid 4.", 4, 3], "s-9ZO_oM4NqhGx3TfIT3lA": ["Yelp", "Crossroads Bar & Grille", "2/12/2011", "I love it when you randomly drive by a place, decide to check it out on a whim and discover how awesome it is totally by chance! This is what happened to us with the Crossroads Bar & Grille in Lansing.What I like most about the Crossroads is that it's completely unassuming. It looks like a run of the mill bar that serves food. One side is the bar and the other side is the restaurant separated by a half wall. Sure they serve up your standard bar food fare but the difference is that it's amazingly good and relatively cheap! Tonight, my husband and I shared the special: a full rack of carolina style ribs which came with coleslaw, super tasty sauteed broccoli (who knew?!) and bacon & cheese grits \"fries\". The ribs were truly unbelievable....the best in the area in my opinion. They weren't slathered in BBQ sauce but covered with a delicious rub and cooked perfectly so that the spices formed an almost caramelized crust. We were totally stuffed for only $20.99. I was excited to find out they had Ommegang Abbey Ale on draft.....delicious with the ribs and oh so classy! After we paid the bill, our server came by with a complimentary brownie which we ate even though we were still full. A perfect end to a perfect meal.....the Crossroads Bar & Grille does not disappoint!", 4, 8]}
{"r4SBd3VweQdZRKe0Abd_Kg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "1/30/2019", "I came here with a few grad students and I decided to order the moussakka. I have had authentic Greek food so I was expecting something similar. It definitely didn't meet expectations. The cheese topping was non existent. I like that they give you bread, although it is just hot dog buns, and salad. I can understand why students like this place since the value is so good. I will have to come back to try some other options. Overall service was good and the owner is very friendly.", 3, 0], "jQHk379H095YFdoZQ9nMgw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/23/2018", "Pros: friendly and quick service, short wait for food, dolmas, tzatziki, feta, and pita tasted good.Cons: dolmas were very hard, souvlaki meat was so chewy barely any of it was edible", 2, 2], "4FxczShzCye9pw_KibKLwQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/6/2018", "Came here with my boyfriend - he got the gyro and I got the chicken souvlaki. Together it cost just over $15 and was so delicious and filling. The chef is super nice and welcoming too! Definitely stop by when in Ithaca", 5, 0], "WaKTfsY0AB-3GaAI8vKc0Q": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/4/2018", "Fantastic all around. Just like it was during my college days 20 years ago. Great food, pleasant service and nostalgic ambience. Thanks for the memories.", 5, 0], "JYFceYIWGWBdbChC-IUOuw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/14/2018", "It's hard to get a better menu and amazing food for such a reasonable price . Service is fast and polite. Portions are large and delicious. This restaurant is somewhat dated inside but that actually added its own charm.This family run restaurant is a hidden treasure!", 5, 0], "PMiTUTmbWQ7l_uNUL-CeMg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "5/7/2018", "the owners here are very friendly and the food tends to be really good (get the lamb dishes) but watch out for their terrible pizza. moreover, their prices are a bit high, but i think it's reasonable for the location and comparable restaurants nearby.", 4, 0], "bI9zdhMXDrUJT9Fq4d508A": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "3/29/2018", "Came here for the first time and was impressed. Dated but still functional interior, most mains come with a nice Greek salad and freshly baked breadsticks. We ordered each of the shawarma plates, they were good but beware it's literally meat pita and tziki sauce. That was a little underwhelming but still the meat was delicious. The highlight was the pasta dish, definitely give a hard look to pasta and pizza as both seem excellent.", 4, 0], "uhZno_mUsQE9a6k4ZfmMbw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "2/24/2018", "Love Souvlaki House so much! I love their calzones, eggplant parm and chicken souvlaki. The stadium seating booths are awesome. The owner is so friendly. I love the old joint, definitely worth coming if you wanna eat like a cornellian. My favorite is there garlic hot dog buns and their airy hummus so good! Their Greek salad is huge as well!Don't forget to check out my profile!", 5, 0], "mecgqb3vs1CFEUVIufYT-A": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "11/6/2017", "This is one of the few remaining restaurants in Ithaca that still has a large expansive menu containing all the Italian and Greek entrees you could ever want. And it's damn good. I was there a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night. The place was packed. We were glad we made reservations. The folks with me had different entrees, most consisting of lamb. They said it was cooked just right. I had a small pizza. The restaurant claims they invented pan pizza. I'm not sure that's true, but it was very good (and I usually don't like pan pizza). Marinara sauce was just right, not bland and not too spicy Another friend had Moussaka, he said it was excellent with large portions of meat. Their bread and salad were good and generous. Wait staff quite good and professional. I will go back.", 5, 0], "3xvEv48_tp1zF3d509ygbQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/16/2017", "Best mozzarella sticks ever! And calamari, and the best olives, basically anything on the appetizer menu!!! For a small college town this is an amazing restaurant, probably the best in all of Cornell! It's not terribly expensive either. If you come here I know that you will be delighted! And great meatballs!!!", 5, 0], "GVbAP4gyOHmurmc9ioHEDQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/14/2017", "No. Just no. The pizza I just had was so bad that Ragu just called me to apologize. Seriously the worst pizza I have ever had. Soggy week old Pizza Hut is better than this garbage. If I wanted someone to throw up in my mouth I would have just gone to the Syracuse Zoo and hung out with pengiuns. The crust was flavorless and raw on the inside just like the \"cook\" who made this. Btw, mozzarella shouldnt stink like spoiled milk. ...I don't even know how that one is possible...", 1, 0], "NKRA1iGZf30yoZFzoqKPlg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/6/2017", "Restaurant was clean, staff was friendly. Got a gyro but wished that it at least came with some kind of side. Found some sort of black substance floating in my drink and there was actually a fly catcher full of dead flies next to the salt and pepper which was gross. I've heard they're pizza is good so I might go back for that but I'll pass on the gyro next time.", 3, 0], "8Yurjyy8F9nDuJo6CJvClg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/17/2017", "An Ithaca go-to. Pizza - with a buttery crust, on the thick side - and service are the best in town. Hazelnut for birthdays, Mercato on payday, but Souvlaki House every other day.", 5, 0], "DFOsntHFPdvKbHa8p1jFPQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "5/7/2017", "Best food in Ithaca hands down. I probably go there five times a week for their Caesar salad. Highly recommend \"The Red and the White\" Pasta\" to anyone.", 5, 0], "T43E2sA4jhUohgpm-0A1dA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/28/2016", "This is a review for the NEW Saouvlaki House. New owner is fabulous! He walks around to greet you at your table and really tries to engage with his customers. Big menu, so many Greek/Italian options. Great food at very fair prices. He's going to do well!", 5, 0], "I_LiLqFe_ZuogzQngb59XQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/7/2016", "Food is very fresh here. Took Atlantic salmon and pasta. The people were real nice and cordial.", 5, 0], "E9ZA-69KIDn-xD1ue4v5MA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "5/25/2016", "HUGE portions and good service. I never had a bad experience here, as simple as that.", 5, 0], "uXyvS-LiKgbHU_qeMQJFXA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "2/27/2016", "A+ eggplant parmigiana (both sub and meal). Their breadsticks are literally just hotdog buns but somehow the spices on them make these buns amazing! Oh and they're unlimited too. They have a $10 credit card minimum which they don't tell you on the phone (if you order to go) so just be aware.", 4, 0], "G4WaMxU7DGLfigfefkreYA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "1/15/2016", "Used to eat this place 2x per week in grad school. The artichoke chicken dish is one the best dishes I've ever eaten.", 5, 0], "E2uGlkcrwL0CY3D4NNgW0A": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "12/3/2015", "The mozzarella sticks here are very good and the Greek salad isn't bad either. They give you free breadsticks with your meal which are pretty good too. It's a little pricey for what it is though... 2 orders of mozzarella stick appetizers and a large Greek salad was $30 with tip. But if you don't feel like making the trek to nasty's from ctown for some mozz sticks then this is a good spot.", 3, 0], "GV2SK1wwaaO8Lqcuj1fpVQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/6/2015", "Came for the Mr's college reunion, and he and his friends HAD to come here to reminisce their past time here. They said the owner still looks the same, and besides a new paint job everything was still the same! And what struck me as a pretty bad ass was the fact that they cut their pizzas here with a machete! Lol We got the standard pepperoni pizza and the popeye (feta with spinach). We also started with their large Greek salad. I liked it, although I think you kind of have be a pizza gourmand to appreciate the fine quality and presentation. ;-) I also got their baklava, I would not recommend that if you like your baklava crunchy because it didn't have the crunch factor. Service was very quick and friendly, the owner is constantly scanning the room and the waitress is always running around. Cheers!", 4, 7], "3CMIlaIkuXsQ2HDk--lu4g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "3/30/2015", "I have never had a bad experience at Souvlaki House. Reasonable prices and large portions. The manager and his staff are also really nice and friendly. I recommend their greek salad, souvlaki plate and Bifteki.", 4, 0], "kmdhOK1qlJEOunnSvoFq4g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "1/30/2015", "They offer a lunch special for $3.95 + tax (which comes to $4.25), which is probably *the* cheapest meal in Collegetown (unless you count 7-11 'cuisine' as a meal). You get a sandwich (fried fish or breaded chicken fillet) \\ with a decently sized side of fries, no drink. Perfect for to-go since it only takes 10-15 min to prepare (and you can call ahead) and if you have a french fry craving to satisfy, this is it.", 5, 0], "pIOMPGadPch-5_d-OJF-8w": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "4/23/2014", "Well... I'm giving it 1 star for effort.The \"breadsticks\" are literally heated up hotdog buns with some oil/seasoning on top. Literally: hotdog buns. The garlic bread is also a sandwich hero bread - cut open, heated, with oil and garlic seasoning. Minus two stars (and I'm being generous)The food itself was fine. Wont kill ya, but wont taste like much. I got the chicken souvlaki wrap. It was literally just pieces of chicken, a handful of romaine lettuce, a few tomatoes and onions in a pita. That's all. No sauce, no seasoning. It was boring, dull. Minus one star.Also I'm convinced the pasta sauce was store bought - like Ragu's or something like that. The pasta was just spaghetti with bland sauce. Nothing more, nothing less.Service was OK. We definitely felt played after we stepped out. $35 for 2 people - and the food was not worth the price. Never going back. Nice people there, but never going back.", 1, 0], "-g5pQCQ3zIWOrFZyYxvDdg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "4/23/2014", "It's like going to an overpriced version of The Olive Garden. The food isn't bad, but as others have noted, it's pretty unremarkable. I had the Chicken Souvlaki platter which was OK. They do bring you a giant amount of salad with lots of feta beforehand and breadsticks which almost certainly came straight from the freezer, but still 12 bucks seemed a little steep for what I was getting. My friend had an eggplant sandwich that I tried which was not bad, but it was basically a piece of deep fried eggplant with mozzarella and marinara on bread. I think you could sum up the food as bland and inoffensive. The customer service, however, left something to be desired: first of all, they charged a dollar for hot sauce (just Frank's red hot, nothing special) and they will only take one credit card per table. I understand that times are tight, and I don't think having a credit card minimum is unreasonable, but to restrict an entire party of 6 to one credit card per table is unnecessarily stingy.", 3, 0], "REdr21cTox8R-XaKY9DYGA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "10/27/2013", "This place is terrible! They put hair in my food yesterday and then made me pay for it after I complained. The manager, however, is always rude and abrasive. This was my last visit there, but honestly the food I have gotten there previously has always been average and bland to sub-par. My friends didn't even finish half of their food and decided to throw it away rather than take it home.", 1, 0], "esv1zHN6leCBWygCpkhaTA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/24/2013", "I have been to Souvlaki House many times because friends insist on eating there, and have never had a good experience with the food. The portions are admittedly very generous, but the food itself is bland. Even something as simple as a Calzone was poorly done - the ingredients were just laid in a row, not mixed up, and the dough was without flavor and tough. Fish sandwich is good, because its just fried frozen fish on a sandwich with fries. Its under $6 for a good portion. Pasta is not Al Dente, and sauces are mediocre. I think I've gotten a gyro once and it was not at all memorable. It is nice that they give salad and breadsticks for free, and the waitresses are all sweethearts. However, the food is just too boring. $10 credit card minimum.", 2, 0], "hlm18QrrLiBTAejnxoO3gw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/6/2013", "The main thing this place has going for it is the price; its really cheap for the portions. The food I am not so thrilled about. Their Mediterranean/Greek food is way worse than I am used to, and since Aladin's is so close by, I can't imagine ever going to this place for that. Their pizza/Italian food is decent for the price, and the atmosphere is homey.", 3, 3], "Lk3Lc7ZXKNlU1O-tpn0kmA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "5/10/2013", "First off, I never wrote a review for a restaurant before but I felt the need to sign up for a Yelp account just to review how poor Souvlaki House is.My friend and I went on a Friday evening and after being seated and passed by more that four times in ten minutes without getting water or asked for orders. The restaurant wasn't even that busy so I'll give the service rating a 1/5. After ordering the food, of which I got the Chicken Marsala and pasta on the side, I was really disappointed. The pasta was literally cooked penne with tomato sauce from the can which tasted worse than middle school cafeteria pasta. The Chicken Marsala was super bland, unseasoned, and tasted like if I just heated a few chicken breasts in a pan. My friend ordered the Souvlaki House Special and couldn't finish it. I rate the food at 1/5 only because I can't give it a zero.We left extremely unsatisfied and it killed our mood for the night. My recommendation is if you want better food for this price, Olive Garden would be a better alternative.", 1, 5], "22rFvkvyx11DHA6Apb7t1Q": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "3/10/2013", "The food here is really good! I usually the Chicken Souvlaki plate, and it costs around 12.95. It comes with greek salad, breadsticks, a pita thing and tzaki (sp?). I've had other dishes too, and the food is really good and not that expensive. I am giving in three stars instead of 4 because the service here is not good. They always rush you. I always feel like they are giving you the boot. Also, they do not do separate checks so it is slightly inconvenient.", 3, 1], "9xjnlJvIHujWYiXSVDhJ1w": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "2/14/2013", "Souvlaki house is kinda nasty honesty...High price but big portions, okay that balances out but the food suffers from extreme diminishing marginal utility. Think about eating a new bag of ships but instead of starting at the beginning where you have had nothing before, start from after eating about 80% of a large bag and begin from there. That is how you will feel when you come here. The food is bland, plain, and thus tastes the same after only a few bites.", 3, 3], "T5apUk0QcHDYHfqXxhZU0w": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/19/2012", "I used to live above the Souvlaki House back over 20 years ago when i went to Cornell.  The place hasn't changed!  The food was never fine dining but always good--like comfort food.  I had the Souvlaki plate and a soup this time around.  The soup didn't taste fresh-made but was still good.  The lamb was of generous portion size and was nicely charred.  It came with a generously portioned salad which tasted good but lettuce not exactly fresh ie. Bagged lettuce.  All in all,, a solid pick in Collegetown.", 3, 0], "uLlRFY7zYAtxanXhkldf5g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/22/2012", "The food at this restaurant is okay but I used to come here for the inexpensive sandwhiches. They were always twice the size they needed to be so I would have a meal for the next day! It's a good option in a pinch or on a lower budget", 3, 0], "eV1F4Fo-kV1WoL_rH2Gk_Q": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/27/2011", "Decent Greek restaurant in the area. Quick and friendly service. Their gyros were decent, and they give a good amount of food.", 3, 0], "E5k4PkAGcKlzVXdZv9b9IA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/29/2011", "Good place for what it is. Decent food and good portions. You get a big bowl of salad for the table with the meal. Refreshing, good dressing and a lotta feta. It's not a must when in Ithaca, but I also wouldn't avoid it if I was looking for Greek food.", 3, 0], "JAiKGF7FOendh5ABIbm_Bg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/30/2011", "I don't know what all the hype is about. I gave this place another shot only because I figured I might've just had a bad experience the first time, but nothing changed.The first time I ordered the greek souvlaki, which I assumed would be good considering that this was... ahem.. the SOUVLAKI house. Nope. The presentation was bland, and the overcooked lamb had more fat than meat on it. It was actually hard to get down.On my second visit I ordered the chicken souvlaki plate, and while the chicken wasn't overcooked, it was just flavorless. Yuck. Stop skimping on the spices, yo!My sister ordered scallops served with linguini, and while the portion size was huge, the flavor was also dull. She didn't even bother taking the leftovers home. Thankfully the entrees came with a house salad and breadsticks, which ended up being my favorite part of the meal.Souvlaki House calls itself a fine Greek and Italian restaurant, but it's far from fine dining. Maybe they should pick one cuisine and perfect it first?", 1, 1], "E2-lJ6HYqQn0X5r3sEoUYQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "6/7/2011", "I've had the souvlaki and pizza for dinner. The food is so-so, but you get pretty generous portions. Service has ranged from middling to good. Prices are about average for Collegetown.", 3, 0], "3L5R29EJLr1KTtaku8bUsg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "4/4/2011", "You have to adjust your expectations accordingly here. This is not fine dining, and this is not necessarily a place to branch out along the menu. This is the Souvlaki House. As such, I always get (surprise) the souvlaki. The lamb comes in big, meaty chunks, and it mixes well with the vegetables and the feta cheese on the pita. It's basic, it's cheap, and it's quick. It's also delicious. Sometimes I'll get the souvlaki plate, which comes with a salad and breadsticks. Stick to what this place does best and you'll find your expectations met satisfactorily.", 4, 1], "enSXnvEKjDCit9A2_vyugg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "10/15/2010", "First off, this was just simply a good experience overall. Traveling for work and hadn't eaten all day. The staff was very nice, helpful, and cheerful! The food portions here are generous and you can tell it's homemade too. There's definite a sense of family here - my waitress had been here for 10 years and felt the same. Definitely a good find! :-)", 4, 1], "schnaSx14zPXFppT2-grSA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "10/10/2010", "Everything about this place is \"meh\". I've eaten here a few times, and generally had a subpar experience with every visit. First, the seating is very tight, and the surfaces feel a little greasy. You get complimentary house salad with bread sticks, but the salad doesn't look fresh or very appetizing. The bread sticks are fresh and tasty though. I've had the lamb kabobs, and the meat was burnt so hard on the outside that I had a hard time swallowing it. Their signature dish is the chicken parm. The chicken looked and tasted like it came from the frozen section of Walmart. The pasta was watery and the sauce tasted bland. Not worth the $16. Generally a bland experience.", 2, 0], "V_ABwPEGpcIlB52eUlLl2Q": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "10/1/2010", "I like it, it's definitely above average (and I'm a picky eater) and for a collegetown restaurant, AMAZING. The portions are good (definitely a family style sharing kind of restaurant).The food tastes pretty good, pastas, pizzas, Greek food, it's all good. The prices are a bit... eh. So collegetown has all these overpriced restaurants because we don't have any other options. But, it's not like Souvlaki House was super overpriced, I'd say it was fair.The atmosphere was good, definitely laid back, casual. Great family restaurant to eat at. If you're having a major carb craving, this is the greatest place to do it. Come with 4 friends and it'll be a great eating/socializing experience while sharing food and indulging yourself.", 4, 6], "fF2m2b7ftjxEi78J3FLKbA": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "9/8/2010", "Went back here after graduating 24 years - it's still the same great Greek food. Didn't have the pizza unfortunately but the souvlaki and Greek salad was great and held it's own. Don't expect anything fancy - it is a collegetown place that caters to a college community after all. the wait tress was super nice and the guy form 20 years ago (the owner I guess) still says hi to everyone.", 4, 2], "DaQ9Xoj7qlgy0qk2D9AO_g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/14/2010", "Strange combo of Italian and Greek restaurant, but both cuisines here seem to be great. The menu is heavier on the Italian side, so I was a bit worried about ordering greek food here, but it is called Souvlaki House after all. I had the lamb souvlaki platter which was very satisfying. The lamb could've used a little more flavoring though. My wife had the spanakopita, which was also very good. The pizza here is probably one of the best in Ithaca. The sauce was tangy and spicy, and the ingredients were fresh and plentiful.", 4, 0], "SUReWKTXUQYf7RLiQOUFGw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/21/2010", "I myself am not Greek, but my new \"family\" after moving to Ithaca is. So, I know what homemade Greek food should taste like; I eat it everyday!I've been to Souvlaki House several times in the last few months, and the owners are really nice and the waitress is quick at bringing food and taking orders.I have not had their pizza, but I did have their souvlaki and their spanakopita. Both were not that good... we actually couldnt eat the spanakopita, even if the portion was huge it just tasted awful.The mousakka, however, it great!!! The Greeks agree with me, the mousakka is yummyyy. The portion doesnt look that big but it is enough to fill you after eating the salad and bread that comes with it.I've had the galaktoboureko and I wasn't a fan (a friend of mine made it and it was great, this was a little grainy which was odd). I had the chocolate cake and it was very good. Very chocolatey and moussey and just great.So, even after giving it 3 stars I still go to Souvlaki House about once per month. I love mousakka, and I always get it nowadays. And I finish off with a chocolate cake!", 3, 4], "7av3fH1bk_TyPxwwI-HCHw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "7/12/2010", "My first taste of Greek food. I haven't been there in a while but here's what I remember:Their house salad comes out in a big bowl and has huge chunks of feta cheese in it plus a couple kalamata olives and tomatoes. It's dressed with red wine vinegar, olive oil, and oregano. It's simple, but awesome. Very tasty! I could never get enough of it! They also serve complementary piping hot garlic breadsticks with butter. These were good, but nothing special.I remember always getting their Lamb Souvlaki plate ($11.95) and being very full afterwards. The lamb is charred to perfection, it's very juicy and tasty. I recently got their Moussaka ($11.95) and it was pretty good as well. Their Spanakopita ($9.95) is also very good. Everything here is tasty and is all served for a very reasonable price. Good for groups or a date. Next time I'm back in Ithaca I'm definitely hitting this place up again!", 4, 2], "MbLKbNQXb-mD5UFGH_pm0g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "5/21/2010", "Best pizza in Ithaca (but not the cheapest; and if it's one of the new younger employees making it, watch that they don't burn it). I love their lunch special. All of their selections are great.", 5, 0], "AiUR4Uqj_BhXXGrCUNETsg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "3/6/2010", "To start the meal off, they brought over a huge bowl of Greek salad. The amount of feta cheese they put in it is very generous and it tastes great. As far a pizza goes, this is the best you're going to get in Ithaca. We tried the Cascazilla pie and it was excellent. The crust is cooked to perfection and definitely makes the pizza. I also tried the gyro platter which was solid. Finally, on the way out, I saw one of their calzones and it was the size of a football. The restaurant is pretty cramped and dated but, in my opinion, it adds to the charm of this place. Overall this is a restaurant worth checking out with great food and great service. The price to serving size ratio is also in the customer's favor.", 5, 3], "OQFKd_jAgcb2N8pelWwxBQ": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "1/12/2010", "The owners are really friendly and their food is quite good.Their pizza is definitely one of the best in Ithaca. I also liked their souvlaki plates and the free salad that comes with the entrees.Their moussaka is one of the best I tried outside Greece, but their (homemade) baklava is a complete disaster...The restaurant is quite old and in serious need of a new decoration. Their policy of at most one credit card per table is also quite annoying.", 3, 0], "FBRRRy13-cmK-gyXC2R90Q": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/22/2009", "Their lunch special is still one of the best in town. The greek salad tastes very good but next time I will ask for no dressing. What a nice place to treat yourself and a friend to a weekday lunch. I wish they were open earlier on sunday but what can you do. p.s. check the date on the mustard. Last time it was about one year past the best by date. But you know, mustard can't do you too much harm.", 4, 3], "p2iW4FSLLiRYSh06TTrL6g": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "4/13/2009", "This was one of my favorite places to eat with my ex back when I was a student at Cornell. The portions are generous and entrees come with unlimited bread and salad. VERY good deal. I've tried some of the sandwiches, the gyros and the alfredo pasta and i enjoyed all of it. I wouls recommend this place.", 5, 2], "3-bfFgxjUGDF-ptY4aHtKg": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "10/29/2008", "Souvlaki House makes the best pizza in Ithaca. Now, you may think that I am contradicting myself, that I said the same thing about Sammy's. What I said about Sammy's is that they make the best New York style cheese pizza in Ithaca. However, the hands-down most delicious pizza made anywhere in this town comes from Souvlaki house. Their house special pizza is something spectacular. First off, the crust, always hand stretched from freshly made dough. This is the perfect foundation, as it always comes out perfectly crispy on the bottom, yet extremely moist and chewy on the inside. Even with a mountain of the greasiest toppings piled above, this crust always maintains its integrity. You could eat this pizza off your lap and have not a stain to speak for it. The sauce is decidedly mild, a plus in my book, as the sauce is not what I consider to be the centerpiece of the pizza. The cheese, likewise, is good, fresh mozzerella which serves as an excellent binder to tie everything together. What makes their pizza, however, are the toppings. The house special is topped with fresh sausage, pepperoni, bacon, green peppers, mushrooms and onions, all in extreme quantities. When you get this pizza you can see the care that goes into it, as all the toppings are perfectly distributed radially across all the slices. Each piece in its own is a work of art. Last time I went here, my friend and I ordered one of these; when the waitress brought it out, she put it down, stepped back and said \"wow, you guys have a great pizza here.\" That pretty much sums it up better than I ever could. Their other Greek selections are quite good as well, though the quality of the pizza makes limits my motivation to expand my horizons very much. I've had their eponymous souvlaki, and it is indeed name-worthy. The Greek salads, dolmas, spanakopita, baklava, and everything else that you would expect in a Greek restaurant are definitely up to par. Everything is made fresh in the open kitchen, right before your eyes. The owner is the nicest guy in the world, does a lot of the cooking and prep work himself, and is always standing there with a smile when you go to check out. If you want the best fork-and-knife pizza or Greek food in Ithaca, this is the place to go.", 5, 3], "DI_9mIpf9P1T4efRpuu6Mw": ["Yelp", "Souvlaki House", "8/20/2008", "I used to loooooove their Greek piza with feta cheese and olives. YUM.", 4, 0]}
{"ofmpYatS4R57afWUB2UDag": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "11/17/2018", "Lemon grass chicken was one of the best in town. Noodles are fabulous, definitely of my taste. Atmosphere was good. Service better than most other shops in town.", 5, 0], "KXUdjtngS4E_YOCXaDJ1Kw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/30/2018", "Came on a whim and was very satisfied with their nice portions and very reasonable prices. The taste of the dishes were pretty good considering I wasn't expecting much from a collegetown restaurant. Not the most authentic but I would say this is one of the better restaurants in a monopoly collegetown that sells low quality food to profit bloody money from broke college students.", 4, 1], "CYmrsvVsa7g_jyHeXQzu8A": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "2/26/2018", "This restaurant has one of the worst spicy basil noodles that I have ever eaten. The flavor is bland. There is no sauce, and it just tastes like moist cardboard with a faint trace of fish sauce. The one upside is that there is a large amount of noodles, which I will not have the pleasure of finishing. I will not be returning.", 1, 0], "0RSOXyV2W4Pc6p1reuSn_g": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/18/2017", "Pretty bad experience. The person refused to take my order on paper because she thought she could handle it mentally or something. Got my order wrong, brought out the right dish eventually. When the bill came out, she charged me for the original wrong dish. The meal was just a mess and I won't be back for a while.", 1, 0], "EgPy9Lpmh7JYIfweK0pImQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/9/2017", "Tucked in a corner of Collegetown, Asian Noodle House offers a variety of Asian cuisines (Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese). Although the space is a little small, the atmosphere is very nice and cozy for a friend gathering. The prices are great considering their large serving sizes and not to mention their quick service!", 5, 0], "jAfkuGaQD-G9UH-cZkFIUA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "7/18/2016", "I ordered seafood soup and two noodle dishes for my partner and I to share. The order came to $30. I've had more than my fair share of mediocre Asian food and enjoyed almost all of it, but this wasn't even mediocre. My soup had a whopping 7 pieces of low quality seafood. The noodles were made with old vegetables -- I could see tell-tale mildew on the cut edges of the bok choy. Everything was bland. I definitely won't be ordering from here again.", 1, 0], "Upx8MtIIlziUaREWdEct6A": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/13/2016", "It was a pretty good value! I was very full after eating just half an order. I had the Spicy Basil Noodle. It was just okay in flavor, I thought it could've used more of a sauce. That also made the noodle too dry. It was almost undercooked I'd say. I did like the amount of veggies and meat though! I got pork and there was a fair amount. There was also just the right amount of veggies for the amount of noodles. This helped make the flavor better! I would've liked if it had more basil and spice too though.", 3, 0], "5ZLZKt4hK4SRg1PZ9-A0Ig": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/10/2016", "Not bad for collegetown. Shares space with hai Hong so you can order from both, I thought the dim sum from hai Hong was really good and authentic. I got the Singaporean chicken rice which was pretty authentic for ithaca. Service was 10/10, they're there when u need them but don't interrupt ur convo to ask if everything is ok.", 3, 0], "0p0SGzUjt2pXNZZhJjI2EA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "12/21/2015", "Asian noods was definitely a staple throughout college. Food is mediocre at best but it's relatively inexpensive and comes out extremely quickly. I don't know if this is a good or bad thing (probably bad), but no matter what or how much you order, it will be ready for pickup in 10 minutes. My friends and I once ordered 8 different dishes and sure enough \"pick up in 10 minutes\". Service is alright. It's owned by a family and two brothers are most frequently working here. One is extremely friendly and talkative, but the other always looks angry and wont say a word to you. The talkative one always jokes around and says your dish costs $100 when you go up to pay. I've seen a couple people get really upset about it so don't fall for that.. It's a joke.", 3, 5], "JxiSxGm6nJIgJIkOiFPDpg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/28/2015", "I had the tomato beef stew rice and the taste is so-so. As a native Chinese I would say the dish is mediocre because of the overuse of artificial tomato sauce and salt. I would prefer a lighter taste for this dish.", 3, 0], "dZGfLSN7Rv6lDEra1onWrw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "9/7/2015", "One work for the setting - awkward. I went around dinnertime and there was no one in there so as I was trying to catch my friend up on my life I felt like the whole staff was listening. Then when I went to order the language barrier was so severe I had no idea what they were trying to say. I got the Chicken Teriyaki and the chicken was pretty dry but the sauce on top was so delicious (the sole reason I'm giving it 3 stars). I most likely will not be going back but I wouldn't refuse if my friends wanted to go. It was the epitome of an \"OK\" meal.", 3, 0], "N1GTXquOz78BsKdTLjm53A": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/28/2015", "I had BBQ Pork and Roast Duck with white rice. The dish was really good, although the sauce was a little salty, and reminded me of food back home. It's really nice to have an authentic South East Asian restaurant on campus. The price was not overly expensive either. Will definitely come back and try other menus.", 3, 3], "xQ7KHfzH8jFk1RNsaDJDzA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/29/2015", "Can get very crowded on nights and the weekend but food is phenomenal. The perfect noodle dish for anyone.", 5, 0], "VRXuauGLLSKlGFUqrzbtfw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/11/2015", "I have come here a few times to eat. Its good but sometimes the food doesn't feel authentic. One time I had it and it felt like they tried making me pad thai with spagetti noodles or lomein noodles. Either way, it was okay.", 3, 0], "8SWljgst8bhVZA0nNm2yCw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "2/17/2015", "It seems there was only one server on to take care of the whole place Monday, Feb 17 around 8pm. Hungry students coming back from break. The place was not even full, but we waited for a long time to order, I had to flag down the server who had forgotten about us. Due to language issue or whatever she couldn't tell us what massaman term in the menu was for a curry, after we re-worded the question several times. We ordered \"crispy tofu\" with peanut sauce. What came out were these ~1/4 pound giant blocks of tofu where the chef was feeling too lazy to cut them any smaller. They were 0% crispy, look 100% white/barely cooked tofu. The entree was very poor quality/poorly prepared.The basil noodle plate was decent, but only had 2 pieces of basil in it, so really lacked flavor. It wasn't about 2, it was actually 2 pieces.The server never came back to ask us how things were.When I went to mention this all at the counter, the clerk/runner person got an older guy who pretty much just told me I was wrong, that the tofu was crispy--until they put the sauce on it.Well don't serve it with the sauce on it! Why not just put the sauce on the noodles?? I don't think I'll be going back soon.", 2, 2], "4U2XIr9nkRlrfYSllU7pCA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/19/2015", "A small fun noodle shop slanted towards thai. Great service. Clean restrooms. I had basic noodles done very quality and wifey had curry rice spicy. Excellant. Appertisers were cheap and outstanding. And...serve beer! Wish it was open past 8pm.", 4, 0], "Zoo5hy6AxV9pUPSoaMaW2g": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "12/17/2014", "I think this place changed manager. Horrible service. We were a group of six and two of us didn't have enough cash so left a 13%tip. The rest of us left about 15-17% and the waiter just openly insulted us for being stingy.", 1, 0], "Apsk1R41XfT7rQxlq6IdNg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "11/28/2014", "I am a long time customer. I been there like 5 years and just write review to them, just because I like the way they keep the consistant and still keep improving in the tought economic. But they still serve fresh food, with good quality and fresh ingredient. Just love it!!Agree with the comment below about the server, but I just impress about the overall quality and they consistancy, because they change sever in this 5 years, that's normal, but overall, they're great.I like red curry, noodle soup, kao mak gai, yung chao fried rice, pork with black pepper, s17 (rad na), budhist delight and so many more.", 5, 0], "Gkzvz8pAkMUXKRExLLvKSA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "11/13/2014", "I really enjoy this place. I've tried about 20 different menu items so far and they're all pretty good and decently priced. I recommend the green curry, basically any fried rice dish, and the Singapore Mai Fun (if you like spicier dishes). They never skimp on giving you enough to eat. If you're looking for cheap, tasty, and lots of it, definitely check this place out. It's strange reading some of the other reviews about bad service, because I come here often and in my experience the staff has been very warm and accommodating, but then, I always leave a good tip. I've seen people come in, order a big meal for 2 with appetizers and drinks and then leave just one dollar on the table at the end. Don't think the wait-staff don't get discouraged by that. Spend any time as wait-staff and you'll know what's up. They offer takeout too, which I've gotten a couple of times when my checkbook was running low.Great place for what it is, huge menu, and kind people. Not fancy, but then, you weren't looking for fancy, right? Just cheap, delicious and insanely filling (did I mention the portions?!).", 4, 1], "5efQqkeV60EyVsdvrHLePQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "11/8/2014", "RUDE AND OFFENSIVE WAITER. MANDATORY15% TIP.As a senior Cornell student, I've been to Asian Noodle House multiple times during my time here. It's always been great until this time around. I went with a friend to have dinner there and the waiter was absolutely rude. At the end of our meal, my friend left a tip and the cashier came over saying that the tip was below 15% and told my friend that she HAD to give at least that much. She demanded a tip and then just walked away without any explanation whatsoever. After that brief and rude conversation, my friend decided that she didn't want to leave a bigger tip than she had already put on the receipt because of the rude cashier. Thus we decided to leave the restaurant when the waiter ran after us and told us that in America, there is a rule and that we must leave at least 15% tip. I told him that there is no such law and he replied back saying that it is a rule in American culture. When I asked him if he understood that tip was a rating of customer service, he refused to acknowledge my question and continued to tell me that I didn't understand American culture and as an international student, he understands it so well that he KNOWS that 15% tip is MANDATORY. He continued to ignore my questions and ended the conversation with \"I'm not here to argue, I'm just here to talk, we're never going to serve you again,\" and then turned around and left. I have never felt more insulted at a restaurant. He assumed that we were international students and therefore did not understand American customs. I found it highly offensive and will NEVER go back to this restaurant.", 1, 2], "ZXBem7gGdCmSPlp8VNmWCg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/17/2014", "On point, spicy basil fried rice with chicken. Really great spot that always tastes good", 4, 1], "LusLefikx2gVe1c_K7ZiRg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/31/2014", "The food was okay, nothing special, the manager was extremely obnoxious, he was eating while smacking his lips loud enough to be heard across the restaurant and watching an extremely annoying tv show on his phone at full volume. As the did was only decent and the service was not good at all, I will not be coming back.", 1, 0], "MEuwRWv6VOzoswTpBe_tOQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/10/2014", "I used to like Asian Noodle House. The guy that worked here was really funny, and he was actually fast about orders and getting food out. The new management is rude and slow, and after my last take-out experience I decided to never come back.I ordered takeout from the restaurant, went there in about 12 minutes after the phone call (they told me 10 minutes), and stood there trying to get the cashier's attention. She kept on ignoring me, then telling me to wait while she got someone else's order, and finally took her sweet time swiping my credit card. Two problems here: the restaurant could have either hurried up with getting my order, or could have given me a later estimate so they can be ready when I got there.Never thought the food was great anyway. The MSG makes me dizzy after my meals, and the crap atmosphere deters me every time. Goodbye, Asian Noodle. I'll not miss you.", 1, 0], "MP6b4_HdYzPKnJXoIwlYkA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/19/2014", "They serve Americanized Asian food that's somewhat decent and slightly overpriced for dinner.The waitstaff are slow and seem annoyed if you try to ask them for something.", 3, 0], "FJf9sucERCeEfDuizxNsMw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/9/2014", "CHICKEN PEANUT SAUCE WITH NOODLES IS AWESOME AND BEST PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE WITH CHICKEN I HAVE EVER HAD (AND CAN'T SEEM TO FIND A SPOT THAT MAKES IT AS GOOD AS THIS PLACE). I absolutely freaking miss this place and would go back to ithaca JUST to eat here. The value of the food is ridiculous and fast and delicious. I fucking love it. It's not gourmet or fancy, it's straight up awesome. service has always been friendly and takeout/pickup is always fast (10 minutes). i have never had a bad thing to say about this place the 30 or so times i've gone here. WHY DO I GIVE IT 5 STARS? Because when you pay 7.95 for an entree item that could feed two to three people, and it tastes 'good' or 'okay', you have to appreciate the fact you ONLY paid 7.95 for it. three people can have a FEAST for under $20, and still have leftovers (with regard to rice and noodle dishes). College students beware, you'll get hooked on the value than the food, though i still think the pineapple fried is the best i've ever had anywhere. by the way, don't bitch about service or mediocrity when you're paying a pretty low price. the fast service and overall value of the food is good enough for me (because i'm a cheap bastard). PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE WITH CHICKEN Y U NO INSIDE ME!?", 5, 3], "1V3Srw9ztvN2Va30Hj_8iQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/22/2013", "Asian Noodle House is awesome! I recommend the Spicy Curry Chicken Noodle, one of the greatest dishes of all time. But can sometimes overcharge.", 4, 0], "1tkIHoq7xX1286HQ4WCXMQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/18/2013", "Solid food, weird cafeteria-esque ambiance, and snappy service. If you're in the mood for savory/spicy - the Spicy Chicken Noodle Soup - ask for it with extra chili sauce in the broth. Make sure you get the sauce caddy and add some peanut for a crunch.The Pad Thai dishes are pretty filling as well - ask if they can put another egg on top of it. Most delicious are the Thai iced teas...although your mouth will feel like the inside of a Splenda packet when you're finished.This place is not Asian fusion - more like Asian everything. I've seen Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai food on the menu. Set your expectations lower than average and you'll be back for more. This isn't NYC Asian food.", 3, 1], "tXe0Bc69x-C_9uLuV7-z2g": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "9/10/2013", "Pretty good Chinese food, which I was told I wouldn't find in Ithaca. This place offers a bunch of different options to put into your noodles, and a bunch of different kinds of noodle to use. You can choose from rice noodles, egg noodles, udon, and some others. My first time here, I got roast duck with egg noodles. I'm usually not a fan of egg noodles but this place did it pretty well. The roast duck was nice and fatty, just how I like it. I would've liked if you could choose from something other than chicken broth though. I also got some fried tofu and it came with its own little sauce tray. I was expecting the pieces to be smaller, but they were still at a good size and didn't fall apart in my chopsticks. Today I got barbecue pork with ho fun. The ho fun could've been a little softer but overall the dish was good and the barbecue pork was well cooked.I love a bowl of noodles on a cold day and given all the cold days ahead of me, I'm sure I'll be coming back often.", 4, 2], "SsmOEd6SSVypiMe3Vo-ARg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/2/2013", "Best place to meet a couple friends on a weekday to get a relatively inexpensive, filling meal. I get Spicy Basil Noodle almost everytime. The food is pretty greasy, and I wouldn't really venture around the menu. The Pad Thai is pretty good too, although its not even trying to be authentic pad thai, but instead huge portion of noodle with some peanut, pad thai-y sauce. Basically big portions of decent food for not too much money at a sit down place. Also pretty cheap beers.", 3, 1], "Pw7P-ouqYnOkoQX-d67fyw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "3/23/2013", "I LOVE this place. Compared to the other Thai/Chinese food places in Ctown, this place beats out others for price and hospitality. I usually order soups, so I don't have much experience about the other dishes, though I have noticed the greasiness. Their soups are good sized and decent tasting. I bumped up my rating from a 3 to a 4 though because of the nice owners. They're a pretty cool family, and I've spoken to them several times to filch their Chinese newspapers, since they get them delivered from the city.", 4, 0], "VTOM-AllHQLlOpeiI5tieA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/13/2013", "I really liked this place due to the friendly service and good food. I always get the beef stewed noodle soup which is a safe choice. The portions are large for a relatively cheaper price.", 4, 0], "8CUfCzI7uOedxWOdmH9FdQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/8/2013", "Ok this place used to be good (2011) then BAM 2012 hits and all their dish prices gets inflated by 10% and in return they double the amount of grease on the dishes. I would have been fine with the price increase so they can stay afloat as a business but doubling my grease is a deal breaker. Nothing tastes good anymore so goodbye.", 2, 2], "6yBaW72v6MyNYz8VdJWaUg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "9/23/2012", "The food is fast and pretty good. The portions are quite big. I'm a big fan of the service here - it might be because I've been here a great many times, but one of the people who work there is extremely friendly and jokes around with the customers. On less busy days, he's the one mainly doing service. On busy days, the other two, though, can be quite aloof. It's also a nice place to go and have a chat. Unless it's extremely busy, they let you sit around for as long as you like, which is nice. I usually get pineapple fried rice or pad thai. I've tried the asian soup noodles, but found that they fell short of what I could make at home, so I avoid it. The food refrigerates very poorly, though, which is a shame because I can't ever finish the portions by myself.", 3, 0], "a5nr-xcXRoMy1cFU52jERw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "3/30/2012", "I may be biased as this was where I shared a lot of happy memories with my friends, but I freakin loved and still love Asian Noodle House! The pad thai is different from any other place I've been with loads of big shrimp! It may not be authentic, but that's how mama likes it! The pineapple fried rice is good too. And the malaysian roti! Ah, the malaysian roti.... I hearts this place so much. I yearn for the day when I come back to Cornell, this will be my first meal spot!", 5, 1], "pbvTwnB4D-LUmjh84uE_kQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/17/2012", "The food is decent, I generally like their spicy basil noodle and their wonton soup. However, I've been very disappointed with their service. I once ordered the spicy basil noodle, which was so spicy that I couldn't eat it. When I brought up the issue with the manager, she told me that their noodles are never too spicy, and that something must've been wrong with my tongue!Made me never want to go back again.", 2, 3], "QttjnxPPXZONoS1IwWeK1A": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/30/2011", "To be honest, you cannot expect too much in Ithaca besides it's gorgeous views. The egg noodle is ok but the rice noodle in the rosted duck noodle soup all stuck together and tasted like something being soaked for a long time. There is a horrible waitress who is never happy and threw the menu on my table. If you are not desperate about the duck noodle, i guess you can try the udon soup from Cafe Pacific cross the street.", 1, 2], "jpy-XVBYz-DwV62-4yk8xg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/2/2011", "On my first night at Cornell, my Outdoor Odyssey guides took me out here for dinner, and I've been coming back ever since.The green curry with chicken is by far my favorite dish; it's yummy, filling, and not too spicy for my taste. But the dishes are hit or miss - when I tried the teriyaki salmon, it was dry and overcooked. The service is also hit or miss. Some days they're nice and like to joke around with guests. Other days, not so much. When we walked in 15 minutes before closing one night, they told us we had 15 minutes to eat and asked whether we think we'd be done by then before seating us. We still ate but felt super rushed the entire meal. Rude much?Still, I get that Asian Noodle House is a cheap Collegetown joint, and the food is decent for the price. It's probably not the best place to take your parents or a first date, but for the bros it'll do just fine.", 3, 2], "ESXrU3XT5SRpe1gXO6tSxA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "8/1/2011", "2 for service, 4 for food.I had pad thai and beef over rice here. Since I don't mind the \"Americanized\" Asian food, I thought the food was pretty good. However, I didn't like the attitude of the server. He almost sounded angry at us. Shouldn't he be glad that we're filling up his empty restaurant during the summer??", 3, 1], "i0Je0njPp41FDCt-morszg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "7/26/2011", "i always liked coming here for noodle soup or fried rice. the food always comes out quickly. it may not be the best or even authentic, but it is cheap, above average, and you get a lot of it. like, the roti canai is nothing like what roti canai should taste like or look like. it is essentially scallion pancakes without the scallions. i'm sure they're not even trying to be authentic when it comes to this dish, but it is greasy and tasty. the menu is also very long, and a lot of the dishes that sound familiar, like chicken noodle soup, are very bland and turn out to be the opposite of what you were expecting. the pad thai is okay. i don't actually specifically remember what I've eaten here, but i really like it here for some reason.", 4, 0], "1Vgwl_1WtBF5TCJSZZMk0Q": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/4/2011", "Like many places in Ithaca, I think I enjoy this place more when I adjust my expectations accordingly. It's not the cleanest inside, and they don't serve the finest cuisine. Fine. But I come for lunch, and I get a pile of above-average food for cheap. And it comes fast. (It's also super-fast when you call ahead for takeout.)I usually get a big bowl of vegetable noodle soup (I prefer udon), or the pineapple fried rice (with beef or chicken). It's reliably tasty and when I'm in the mood for it, it hits the spot. Pretty standard fare, for sure, but when you want it, it meets expectations.", 4, 0], "_VM4rWDiqBLmKkXDPq2utA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "11/12/2010", "Its kind of unusual that this restaurant has a TV playing the video feed from the security camera next door. I don't know if I like spying on the neighbors while I am consuming my dinner.Well on to the food. I have eaten here multiple times, and have come to the conclusion that it is not worth the money. Some dishes are good enough but others are pretty bad. This place serves the worst pad Thai in Ithaca. Surprisingly its even worse than the store they own next door where the pad Thai is sitting in a heating bin. The two times I have ordered the pad Thai here the reason why it was so bad was that they over sauce it, and the sauce was way too sweet. Next door these owners serve the exact same pad Thai recipe from a heating bin, which tastes better because there is less sauce. Considering it costs 4.25-6.25 next door I don't see why I should pay 10 dollars for it here. Its the exact same recipe.The curries aren't up to snuff with other Ithaca Thai places as well. That being said some of their Chinese dishes are actually pretty good. I had a chicken dish in a traditional clear Cantonese style sauce that was relatively authentic Chinese food, far from the Americanized stuff I am accustomed to in Ithaca.3 stars for their Chinese food1 star for their Thai food2 stars for the creepy camera atmosphere  it averages out to about two stars.", 3, 3], "AmCLgVcBQLSosJCfLi5MHg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "10/1/2010", "Do yoou want to get fat and have greasy Americanized Asian food? Then Asian Noodle is for you.Referred to as fondly as \"Asian Nudez\" (yeah, I know that sounds wrong...) by my friends, it's a good place to eat if you want cheap food, big portions, and don't care about your health.Get the pineapple fried rice with pork and you can't go wrong in terms of taste. The atmosphere is not great, but no worse than really any other collegetown restaurant. The pad thai is okay, if you like very Americanized Asian food. Honestly though, I would only get pineapple fried rice with pork if I came here. +1 for Price+1 for Portion___________Everything else is just an eh, because it's expected at C-town.", 2, 7], "hgnyIkn6JFj6kfKBBdoCKg": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "6/22/2010", "This place has the distinction of being the second worst pho/Asian chicken noodle soup that I've ever had in my life. I know that I should have left as soon as I had ordered because that's when I noticed the flies. Over 8 flies in the dining area alone. (Can you imagine the kitchen/food prep area???) So gross. The odd part was that the waiter/owner(?) seemed so indifferent to these buggers and was pretty preoccupied reading his newspaper. I like to think that if I owned a restaurant and had a noticeable pest problem, I would be swatting left and right until they were all dead. OK, enough about the flies. (But seriously, how gross.) Despite the flies, the service was nice enough. The pad thai that my fiance ordered was better than my soup; however, it was oddly sweet (as others have mentioned) and reminded me of ketchup + peanut butter.  Maybe that's their secret pad thai sauce. I will have to say that if all you value is portion size, then this is your place. I got an insane amount of (wide) rice noodles w/ my imitation pho. Considering how flavorless these noodles are to begin with, there wasn't much hope for a good meal considering how lacking the broth was. I really would have preferred cup 'o soup over what I was given. In sum:+1 for generous portions+1 for not being too expensive+1 for nice enough service- 1 for the flies (this should be -10 but I am feeling kind today; besides I think the minimum # of stars I can give is 1 anyway)- 1 for VERY mediocre foodIf this is representative of the dining in Ithaca, particularly Asian dining in Ithaca, I just have to say that I feel sorry for the kids at Cornell.", 1, 5], "gpkHqvYp5cQ7wubUahWLjQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "5/13/2010", "I live in Cortland, which is about 30 mins away. Today I was craving for some authentic Asian food. Unfortunatley, despite the good reviews for this place, authentic Asian food is not to be found in central NY. I had the Basil Noodle w/ beef and my husband had the pineapple fried rice. This is like the water-down version of Thai food to be catered to people who aren't use to Asian food, but it's one of the better restaurants around. It's better than all the two Asian restaurants in Cortland by far, but that's not saying much. It's better if I just cook at home!", 3, 2], "AN4pMOHsOiXImkaWqZQ7kQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/6/2010", "Following in the tradition of the local shops, this is another restaurant trying to combine a lot of different aspects of specialty cuisines into one location. Sure its convenient but at the same time you're left with a huge menu with questionable quality in the items you order.For the most part, Asian Noodle House has decent food. Contrary to the general notion that if the place is Chinese owned they must do Chinese food pretty well, this place is owned by Vietnamese people and they seem to do Thai food a lot better than the Vietnamese dishes. Avoid the spring rolls in that regard.Definitely a great spot for bang for buck, especially if you enjoy large rice plates or fried rices of different variety. Pineapple fried rice from the Thai side of the menu seems to be very popular dish and I personally think its done decently here, whereas the Chinese based fried rices taste a bit high on the sodium side. If you order anything Thai or just need an extra kick to your food, they do have a comprehensive spice rack that you can find in Thai restaurants. Haven't dropped by during lunch so I'm not sure if they are running lunch deals but just about every place in Collegetown is during this recession. Dishes range from $6-9, not particularly cheap for this type of food if you were say in LA or NYC but it works for Ithaca. Service is okay, somewhat indifferent attitude probably due to their general college student customer base.", 3, 1], "4BVhH2demRQsq47hv4tmHQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/5/2010", "Cheap, huge portions, and their pad thai was darn satisfying. Not high-end Thai food, but it kept me going during college.", 4, 1], "_Wi-QrmAnhoUSEwzSYNBdA": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "1/5/2010", "Yum!Go here for lunch. The portions are pretty big and are the same size during lunch and dinner, but at lunchtime it's $3-$4 cheaper. I recommend the pad thai (though it's a bit too sweet for my taste), the spicy basil noodles or the spicy basil fried rice, the pineapple fried rice, or the red curry. If you order takeout, make sure you get some hot sauce! It's actually the hot oil mixed with the sriracha, but sooooo good.", 4, 1], "LzlkJ-uXc2vZM1iSC3cKrw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "4/13/2009", "People come here for either the Spicy Basil Noodle/Fried rice and Pineapple fried rice. The spicy basil noodle is a little bit too greasy for my tastes, but I love the fried rice dishes. The portions are fairly big here and don't forget to ask for the sauce caddy (the best part of Asian Noodle House!)", 3, 4], "AJ4vR-5aURl3JMT5Rsbfmw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "7/19/2008", "Pretty good place. The special house noodle was fairly popular and it's always worth a try. Could use a bit more variety on the menu.", 3, 0], "tHI-QemVlz-0XLFhwUutVw": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "3/25/2008", "Best place in Ithaca. I have never left this place unsatisfied. The duck is always nice and juicy. The food overall is cheap and comes in huge servings. There is such a huge variety and pretty much all of it is good. Even the water is good, always with the right amount of ice. I've only got one problem with this place and it's that they have a TV and it's never on. Overall, I highly recommend this place for everyone on any occasion.", 5, 1], "0sfJ49azLQwDNR4Ct77aKQ": ["Yelp", "Asian Noodle House", "3/25/2008", "I just about go to Asian Noodle House once every week of the school year. It's cheap and pretty darn delicious - there's a huge range of dishes available, from noodle soups (I don't like these, but apparently people do) to stir fries and fried rice. My favorite dish is Sub Gum Ho Fun. How can you go wrong with a dish that has \"fun\" in it? No, but seriously, it's very tasty.The one flaw with Noodle House is that when they're busy and you have a large party, they often take close to forever to get everyone's food out, often 30 minutes between you and your neighbor's food - this wait is often unbearable on an empty stomach. Still, they give you extremely large portions for reasonable prices, and the food is very filling and delicious - basically, I'm a huge fan of this place.Lastly, try their Thai Iced Tea. That stuff is more addicting than crack.", 4, 3]}
{"15h2vKngvceyPdErpticww": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "11/3/2018", "Maurizio & his legendary pizza better never go away. Approaching 20 years that I've been coming here, I ALWAYS require a pizza session at Aroma when I'm back in town. I'm a little concerned because, when routinely expressing my undying loyalty & gratitude upon leaving this time, my parting words of \"see you next year!\" were returned with \"I hope I'm still here\"! Fingers crossed that was merely friendly banter...It's hard to go wrong at virtually ANY eating establishment in Ithaca (curious to hear current exceptions...)... thus considering perhaps it's a resulting fierce competition that causes so many (AMAZING!) establishments to mysteriously bow out even after having such great runs. I took the loss of Gino's & Benchwarmer's particularly hard, but every year it's just relentless. Just returned from another trip to learn that Madeline's is the latest casualty. I'm fairly confident (knock on wood) the only thing that will close Aroma's doors would be the very retirement of Maurizio himself, but stranger things have happened. So why wait to say a little prayer that one can indulge in Aroma's epic buffalo chicken, PLAIN (!!!), and endless specialty pizzas-du-jour for a VERY long time to come... one can dream! Thank you, Maurizio, from bottom-of-heart, for all that you do. It is appreciated more than you may ever know.", 5, 0], "ZVPv9N8QPaBpfYqxsOXUnw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "9/15/2018", "Pizza aroma is the best pizza in Ithaca and also the world.Good god almighty will pizza aroma knock your socks off. The plain cheese slice is great, and the (admittedly very pricey) specialty slices are out-of-this-world delicious -- especially the very unusual salad slice (great for the vegans out there), and the unbelievably good pesto-portobello slice.If the price tag on the specialty slices has got you down, remember that the garlic knots are nice and cheap. The papusas are also a great choice if you're not in the mood for pizza!Pizza Aroma is an Ithaca institution, may the owner live a hundred years.", 5, 1], "iUw6gIInvAEVC61lhcrvzQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/2/2018", "We had yummy papusas and tamales from the \"secret\" salvadorian menu- check them out! Great rice and beans too!", 5, 0], "ulIp5AWwME_K1YDQP4xcDQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/2/2018", "I was excited to find a pizza place in Ithaca with vegan options- but I nearly choked when I was told my pie which had vegan cheese, scarce tomatoes, a few artichokes and basil was nearly $30. Taste was meh and very one-note because the toppings were so scarce! Come on guys! If you are going to charge nearly $30 for a pizza, load that ish up! Crust was overdone and the ends were inedible. Really disappointing.", 2, 0], "ueg9jFGitwZUOg-pGp9RIA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "5/20/2018", "The five stars is for the pizza specifically. Stopped here for a quick slice he had one buffalo chicken slice left,which he heated for me with a nice casual smile. The crust was banging crispy dusted with cornmeal. The topping were perfectly balanced which some places struggle with. Thanks Pizza Aroma good stuff!", 5, 0], "GeKv8kTbMaeMCXvOWt8D-w": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/24/2018", "Salvadorian specialties mmmm the papusa was sad compared to what I've had in the past, dryer and less cheesy. I'd try the other options but really who am I kidding I'm not a Salvadorian food aficionado but I do like greasy cheese.", 3, 7], "eQW_it5dEiT9ZRyQpOH_sg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/19/2018", "SALVADORIAN FOOD! AMAZING! My husband and I and our 10-month-old just moved back from California, where Salvadorian food is everywhere, and I was seriously missing it. We were SO happy to find this place.Come for the pizza, stay for the incredible el salvadorian cuisine. Pupusas, banana leaf-wrapped tamales, pollo guisado, all the good stuff. They started also serving a Salvadorian menu about a year ago, and it's incredible. They have high chairs too. It looks like a little hole in the wall, but it's absolutely delicious. I just wish they carried platanos with sour cream and beans!", 5, 1], "jCZYXFMcbfGN6rLXCALJxA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/10/2018", "I came to Ithaca to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday. I ordered 5 pizzas from Pizza Aroma which came to nearly $90.00. I was told that this included the delivery charge. We got the pizzas, and got an email confirmation bill totaling $87 and change. When I went online to check my account I was charged $106.00. I called and was told that it was because of an added tip. First of all I never authorized a tip let a lone a 20% tip. When call to ask I was told that there is always a tip included. Then I was told that I was cheap. I do not have a problem tipping but I do have a problem with someone forcing me to tip by charging me for it without my knowledge. After speaking with them again was told again that I was cheap and that they would not deliver to me again. NOT A Problem I have no intention of ordering from them EVER again!! And neither should you and if you do check your receipt and your account afterwards.", 1, 0], "H6i1CPkSxj_kVC9Vp8Zpcg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/1/2018", "Hey, vegans - this is the only pizza joint in town where you can buy Daiya Cheese slices for two bucks a pop!! The owner Maurizio is really cool. The overall customer service here would be fantastic if the super short lady weren't so completely ruining the hospitable image of this place with her mean-spirited attitude.", 3, 0], "eFZrWe71VFC8h8XsNtbBCg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "12/3/2017", "loveeee it! gluten free pizza & gluten free salvadorian food! and the nicest people in town. this place should have more stars.", 5, 0], "js-fOMhwuY-yLHjQ0A72xw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/31/2017", "I was fairly surprised to find a Salvadorian place in bumblefuck New York (Ithaca)--and it was authentic! Not only was it authentic but they also had some vegan options (pizza and bean tamale) which were fine. I didn't expect it to be mind-blowing, but was impressed that they even bothered to put non meat/dairy options on their menu--kudos to them.I went with a friend and he had traditional pupusas with chicharon (a pork mix) and cheese and they were not soggy, like many pupusarias in NYC. From what I was told, they were of decent quality given the area.If you want to try Salvadorian food in the Tompkins County area this is probably your best bet.", 4, 3], "M-89gRTK1qiHk97R5JHtyQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/24/2017", "A friend and I went in here on a whim and we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was nice enough, but what garners the high rating for the place is the pizza itself. I had a slice of the salad pie and my friend had the meat pie. The flavors were solid, the texture of the crust was exceptional and the toppings were generous. The best pizza place I've been to in Ithaca easily.", 5, 0], "ZCf1dlQCJsF8IE6FfqKVhQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/1/2017", "Absolutely the best pizza in town in my opinion. A bit different from classic NY pizza, but while most of the Ithaca pizza places try and fail to imitate NY pizza, Pizza Aroma succeeds in creating pizza that tastes good- including tasteful crust, good sauce, and really unique toppings like avocado, black bean, and tortellini.", 5, 0], "cAc5xDd6Izj5K78V9Ez1Wg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/17/2017", "I got a slice of vegan pizza here. It was alright. What did bother me was the lady who took my order, I think she was Spanish. I apologize, I can't come up with a better description. She was extremely rude, would not let me finish my sentences, repeatedly rolled her eyes and sighed at me. I noticed her give me a look of annoyance when I walked through the door. I assumed that it was a bad day at the shop, but the next customer was greeted with courtesy and warmth. I've been here thrice now and each time this lady behaves the same way with me and is polite to the next customer. I'm hardly an over sensitive person but prejudiced people have no business serving customers.", 1, 0], "Xdv5T65wBDRcequnzUGfPQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/9/2017", "This pizza spot is Salvadoran run and serves papusas in addition to pizza. Unfortunately the papusas are not made fresh to order and are instead heated in a microwave making them pretty terrible. Stick to the pizza here.", 2, 1], "02SxHrrXabU1uObwR5DrEw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/1/2016", "Fantastic pizza. Family of 5 with many different tastes including a vegan and all of us leaving happy happy :) many slices to choose from and all were great.  Calzones- we got a chicken parm & lasagna- were excellent.  Vegetarian pizza even had a 'cheese' and was \"best ever\"", 5, 0], "n2YNn5LnH3WSfpglZYiGVQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/1/2016", "I've been eating pizza here for over 10 years, and it's for a reason, the pizza is good. The crust is crunchy, the sauce is great and they have vegan pizza! Not sure why others are complaining, especially about the staff, the staff serve you pizza and say thanks. And that's good enough for me.", 5, 0], "rIYJeI26I2tHhKVAm-bYOQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "5/23/2016", "Pizza was good, not great. Service was fast!", 3, 0], "bSaE89RkqC-OChwuxo5wQw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "5/10/2016", "Nothing special but not bad at all considering Ithaca's weak pizza game. Their pizza is unique. It's thick with a ton of toppings. They even had a pizza with one pizza on the bottom and one on top with a lot of toppings in the middle. Hadn't tried their other food but their pizza isn't bad but it's not bad.", 3, 0], "KmA1hea-89R5C40mMtQdRw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/28/2016", "The best pizza in Ithaca, in my experience. Apparently others think otherwise, but I think they deserve a five-star review.", 5, 0], "VQTkGhj4t5tVacTyhpsO2w": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/9/2016", "Found animal leg in gourme pizza.At lunch on weekend, I stopped by for some lunch and ordered 1 slice of gourmet pizza (the mixed and colorful veggies) for 4.50 and after I eat it for 1 from 3 of the slice and I found a long piece of animal leg in pizza (leg with hair with length is about 1.7 c.m.) and start to throw up right away. I show that piece to the owner, he act like he did not see it, bit the piece is really long and stuck in the tissue paper. I asked the owner for any responsibility and he said it was a piece of veggie and not take any response at all. But it smell disgusting and make me throw up. All my entire life it was never happened before. I was also a restaurant server before for so many years and I am sure that's an animal legs. So just be careful.Normally, I was a regular customers, I purchased 2 t shirt of Ithaca is our town with this shop before and always stopped by for veggie pizza, pepperoni pizza or cheese one and like this place to hang out, but surely, not anymore. I hope you done your career well with honesty and responsibility to all of your local customer who supported you like me :)", 1, 4], "suzmh5oEaRAHLIThEsRKnA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/17/2016", "One of my favorite places, but delivery accuracy is hit or miss.", 3, 0], "cZBo-i5ZBN0IckZXmkZl7w": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/6/2016", "The girl behind the counter was cold, almost as cold as my cold tamale with a giant black hair weaved into it. The tamale had too much masa, it was soggy and cold. Also my tomato bbq pizza was completely flavorless and undercooked yet burned at the same time. I'm disappointed because the sign stated best pizza of 2015.. I guess 2016 is a different story.", 2, 1], "gsuMvr7iZIKbuyJqQoTXAQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "11/28/2015", "I've just returned from Pizza Aroma for the third time since moving to town, and I have to say that I hate having made this my special-occasions spot because I'd be here almost daily otherwise.I'm from California, so I'm not partial to crust style, but this place has thin slices you can appreciate. The pies aren't too oily, and my empty boxes are proof. At the same time, the slices aren't too stiff, so if you really need to do a lengthwise fold, you can. Any floppiness will most likely be from the weight of the toppings.From the simplest flavor combos like white garlic to the more unexpected such as bbq chicken and veggie, the flavor's never been \"too much\" in any way. There's always just the right amount of sauce, cheese, and toppings. And if you're on a similar frequency as I am, and see the pies being made from scratch, you know that goodness and gratitude are going into your order, both of which enhance the taste.Last but not least, my food has always been ready within the time quoted: less than 30 minutes. Take that, [rhymes with Poconos]!There are other pizza places in town, and I doubt they disappoint, but I keep returning to Aroma instead of trying them out. Let's hope this public statement of bias embarrasses me enough to branch out.Now if you'll excuse me, I have some pizza to finish eating.", 4, 2], "3NY9E0bJz8PLTpsMD5DOoQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/21/2015", "This place is awesome. A wide range of delicious food, friendly staff and very generous portions. Way more than just a pizza shop.I don't eat cheese so they make me an eggplant sub stuffed with vegetables. They also have Latin entrees and a full menu. It's delicious.", 5, 0], "zfJh9ZtXLW9kmGp3ylSoNA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/25/2015", "They had a huge assortment of slices to choose from, all ranging from fresh to probably pretty old. Either way, you'll want to get it warmed up, and I'd recommend getting it to-go. I got a cheese slice, extra crispy. It was edible, with no specific highlights, a low light however was the cornmeal used on the crust. It detracted from the overall slice and I was not a fan. Still looking for that great slice of pizza in Ithaca.", 2, 0], "Nj8FRgMLw9UaY7_uKb6NKg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/10/2015", "Overall: This place has very good pizza, and it is probably one of the best places for it in Ithaca. However, avoid the Salvadorian food; it simply isn't worth it. My rating is based only on the Italian- American dishes.The specifics: Italian- American food- I have ordered a few different pizza pies from this place, but my go to is the Fresh Mozzarella Pie, and it is quite good. All the pies that I have had seem to have quality ingredients. The corn-meal dusted crust is crispy and just the right bulk and it stands up to the most hefty toppings. The red sauce is thick and chunky and not too tart and not too sweet, and that is how I like it. The garlic knots are crispy and well flavored, though a little bit greasy and unnecessarily dusted with corn meal. The calzones are enormous for their price and the quality of the ingredients is, like the pizza, very good. I am a fan of the Popeye and vegetarian calzones; the crusts are crispy, and the filling is generous.Frankly I don't get my fellow Downstaters (Long Islanders, NYC folk, etc) pizza elitism or being thrown off by Latin music playing there; you either make a good pizza or you don't and this place belongs in the former group. The Salvadorian food- I could write essays on this. I ordered a chile relleno plato tipico. It wasn't a poblano or a hatch chili. It was a green bell pepper. There was no cheese, and there was no meat. The veggies were those you'd usually find in a cheap frozen mix and they were mixed with mashed potatoes. The whole dish was rather flavorless. The rice seemed to be reheated as did the beans, which were oversalted. The chicken that I ordered on the side was, likewise, rather flavorless; all that I could taste was the animal fat, which is an acquired taste that I sadly did not acquire, having grown up in a vegetarian household. The service- I usually order via grubhub. If there is an issue with my order, they usually call promptly and are fair regarding substitutions if they've run out of an ingredient. The person who handled my orders was courteous and friendly, as was the deliveryman.", 4, 0], "m1_KiZVH5PxVQEdxojrdRw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/28/2014", "Pizza Aroma is my favourite pizza place in Ithaca. They have some really innovative flavours that are just delicious, like their black bean avocado pizza... so good! They are always friendly there, are quick, and I have never been disappointed. It's definitely my go-to place for ordering a tasty pizza for a night in with friends.", 5, 0], "MzTKlUaamB6UjCMqADWO0w": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/7/2014", "Tasty vegan loaded veggie pizza. Onions, peppers, tomatoes, olives, spinach, you name it. Very casual & inexpensive for a quick bite to eat & go.", 3, 0], "cMO0o6r_CLmRB6fTbKqG7g": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/4/2014", "So good! I have had plenty of vegan pizza and this was the best! Oh how I missed \"foldy\" pizza. 2 types of vegan cheese.", 5, 1], "Io6RBHvdHXt7pam0qA_5wg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/30/2014", "I've been anxious to eat the food here, as I am Salvadoran and I've been craving food from the motherland. Not only did I order pupusas and pasteles, but I also ordered a pizza (I know gluttony at its finest), as a colleague highly recommended the pizza here. Where do I begin... How can you call the ethnic food authentic if it's not even made to order! I have never been to a Salvi restaurant, where they don't make the food to order. The pupusas and pasteles were refrigerated, and then microwaved. They only make TWO kinds of pupusas: beans and cheese and revueltas, which is made with pork. They don't even offer plain cheese pupusas. WTF! The pupusas are small, thin, and taste old. The salsa was greasy. How can salsa be greasy?!?! The curtido (pickled cabbage) was pretty good though. As for the pasteles, they tasted OK. I've never had pasteles with corn, peas, and lima beans. It had so many vegetables, I couldn't even taste the chicken. AND where's the Cola Champan, horchata, or fresco de tamarindo??? You can't have so called \"authentic\" Salvadoran food without authentic Salvadoran drinks! I ordered a pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni, and fresh basil. It looked bomb, but tasted just OK.  The crust is different; it tasted a bit grainy (I guess that's an acquired taste). The marinara sauce lacked a little something. Unfortunately, I will continue on my quest to find the best pizza in Ithaca.Essentially, my three stars review is for the pizza because the Salvi food is garbage.", 3, 5], "i37eYOguLSPe3OAwjzHb3g": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/30/2014", "Note: I just moved up to Ithaca after living in NYC so this review is quite biased. My expectations of the pizza here were immediately thrown out the window upon entering and hearing Spanish music being blasted.  Here's the thing, the pizza here isn't bad. They have plenty of varieties which have all been sitting out all day.  I asked the woman behind the counter which pie came out most recently and she said they all came out at the same time. That's physically impossible unless they have 8 more pizza ovens in the back. I got the meat pie slice (pepperoni, sausage and \"meatball\" stuffed slice) and the chicken and bacon slice. They were better than much of the pizza is in Ithaca, but mediocre in the world of pizzas. So far Sals has the best slice in town but that's barely a step above Mi Famiglia in the city.", 3, 3], "bQkuSH8GGTWcMWR0bjPtVw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/7/2013", "Pizza Aroma was the third take out place I tried after moving to Ithaca. After our first bites, my girlfriend and I smiled. \"It's not bad!\" We were so excited. Then we took our second bites. \"Not good, but it's not bad.\" Pretty much sums it up. Mediocre pizza, but potentially one of the better options around. I'm hoping not. There's gotta be better pizza in this town.", 3, 0], "7gsxMsMBjZvrpx3qIEWbtQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/9/2013", "Best pizza in Ithaca so far in my opinion. They are a bit pricey but it's totally worth it and the pizza's are pretty big. The toppings are always plentiful and good! The cheese and sauce are fantastic but what keeps me coming back here is the crust. It's almost like a cornmeal crust that's semi-sweet, slightly thick and crunchy yet soft on the inside. It's freaking delicious. I Haven't tried every where in Ithaca yet but honestly I don't want to after eating here!", 4, 0], "NTxDY4SVdBloNdO1DBqRwQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/6/2013", "This place has the best quality toppings on their pizza in Ithaca, and is one of the few places you can get vegan cheese pizza if you are in to that sort of thing. I personally do not like their cornmeal dusted crust, but thats a personal preference. My biggest complaint is that they should really brown their cheese more.As for the El Salvadorian food, its just ok, not nearly as good as any of the places in California.", 3, 2], "VzL-pZ3sujPty9btPGb_FQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "5/11/2013", "Pizza Aroma has been a lifesaver for fast gluten-free/dairy-free pizza around here. My son loves it and I'm able to get it delivered to birthday parties, so he can have pizza like all the other kids! Sometimes making it from scratch at home is just not doable, and we've had some issues with Ciao's pizza having mold on it. I'm happy to find an alternative that actually feels like they truly try to accommodate people with allergies. Thanks guys!", 5, 3], "Etlv6FtQVQFcLeaeJ61ArQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/13/2013", "Best pizza by the slice in town - lots of different creative options. Whole pizzas can also be ordered.", 4, 0], "tQKWgamqNd7UYfhv4vjqRQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/22/2012", "I bought a vegan pizza recently and there was cheese on like, 50% of the pie. Way to skimp. I won't be returning.", 2, 5], "fAmUU_nOaYbVYvR9GgkqcA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "2/25/2012", "Can be hit or miss there. I've had great slices, and ones that tasted yeasty. I like there fancy slices (like a salad on a pizza), but there are better places in town if you're looking for a plain slice.", 3, 0], "Wwyr_Cpo6KP2vhjc3uLvNA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/29/2012", "I had the misfortune of eating their pupusas and eggplant parmesan pizza. Well, at least half the pizza before I threw the rest away ... Which I NEVER do. At least the pupusas were edible. Pizza was overpriced and the cheese was gross. I wonder if it was a vegan slice?", 1, 0], "g93mI5-3Laub2TTy7hQZsA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/4/2012", "Great pizza, fairly large slices, heavy on the toppings, great crust. I'm a fan of their Margherita, Black Bean and Avocado, and their Veggie pizzas.", 4, 2], "1u6G3jrrFAg8WpGtbz1oEQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/28/2011", "Pizza Aroma is great for having vegan options, but it comes at a high price! It is about $5 more to order a plain cheese pizza with the vegan cheese, absurd! I was shocked when I picked up a close to $30 pizza with only 2 veggie toppings and the vegan cheese option. The pizza does taste good, and this review is not a reflection on taste, however, I don't like the feeling that I need to pay a MUCH higher price for a veg-friendly pizza.", 2, 4], "s_a3oLJSAsY9E_axo9nLRw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "6/18/2011", "Awesome slice of pepperoni. The pepperoni was covered under a helping of cheese that kept my slice in place bite after bite. The thing that impressed me was the crust was thick, but had a super crispy bite to it. They offer vegan options and tons of toppings.", 4, 1], "aPeL3uW0jr68-kcnOGTNwg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "3/24/2011", "I went in at 9:45 and was pleased to find the sign said they were open until 11pm. When I approached the counter a guy yelled from the back room \"slices only, we close in 15 minutes!\" I asked if the sign was wrong and he yelled, \"the sign doesn't stay open, we do.\"Great job permanently losing a customer in less than a minute.", 1, 18], "8e8-aEndw6ezw7wZQxWALQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/29/2011", "This is a review of their El Salvadorian menu; I am not interested in the doughy style of pizza they make. The tamales are solid, very filling for $2 or $2.50 (can't remember). They come in banana leaves and are filled with chicken. beans and potatoes. Salvadorian tamales are not spicy, but the have hot sauce for you. They take a while to microwave. The pupusas are perfectly formed, but likewise they are microwaved which makes the masa a little tough and flabby, rather than tender. I wish they used a griddle to heat them! Still the best wheat-free $2 dining option downtown, though.", 3, 2], "zgj08R2M3C_ajYm2ssx_xg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/21/2011", "Pizza Aroma has soy cheese and Dayia cheese. It's so nice to be able to eat a \"real\" pizza instead of a pizza sans cheese. The toppings are good and fresh, the crust is tasty, and the delivery time is quick.", 4, 4], "UfD4EdwpU-vX9799nJddVw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "9/20/2010", "Want to echo the positive reviews here. It's great to have vegan pizza options. Our pizza even had fresh basil leaves and the tomatoes were even fresh (though not vine ripened). Thanks to the reviews on this site, I found this place and would happily return.", 4, 0], "2OQJ_Sf9hcmcTqpscFGRSQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/26/2010", "Pizza Aroma gets 5 stars for having two different kinds of vegan cheese. My boyfriend and I were visiting Farm Sanctaury in Watkins Glen--almost an hour away--and we drove all the way to Ithaca especially to have this vegan pizza. It was worth the drive. It was New York City-style pizza with all my favorite toppings and layers of delicious, melty vegan cheese. Thank you, Pizza Aroma!", 5, 7], "rEDuhAIUKoBDJrMG_MXhlA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/22/2010", "Great great great NY style pizza. Their sauce has a bit of a zing to it, not the overly sugary style many chains have switched to. The crust had just a bit of charring on the bottom, to add the crisp crunch to the outside. The cheese didn't come off in a single sheet (quality cheese). We ordered a cheese pizza (my personal test of a pizzeria's quality), and were so impressed. Also, their 20\" pie costs roughly what others charge for a 16\" in town. Not much more else I can say, other than fantastic food at a fantastic price. Delivery was also prompt and courteous (no one likes delivering to West Hill).", 4, 1], "QXNL-HdEmnFp0ic1f8tldw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "7/21/2010", "They have vegan pizza. The place was very busy when I was there, but the staff was friendly. There's not a lot of room to sit, but fortunately the wait wasn't too long (despite how busy they were).", 3, 1], "KHExpiz4Y0XAAB7wKGICCg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "1/29/2010", "It may have been the 9 previous hours spent unpacking boxes in our new apartment, or maybe the lack of hot food in more than a week - but this pizza made me want to crawl into a corner, get into the fetal position and weep. It was so tasty it was weep-worthy, people! How many times have you said that in your life?We got a pie with spinach, mushrooms, artichoke hearts and heavenly, HEAVENLY cheeses. The crust is beautiful - covered in corn meal and baked to perfection. The toppings were both hearty and fresh - everything about this pizza was absolutely to-die-for.\"Old timer\" Ithacans who will remember Christiano's Pizza will find a disturbing similarity to Aroma's slice size and flavor. I'm so thrilled to finally be back in decent pizza country. Thank you, Aroma, for making my transition back to the east coast so much more palatable.", 4, 8], "SH1evWgsyMxVvlZuFVA05A": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/14/2008", "I had a slice of Tortellini pizza that was pretty good. Aside from that, it's relatively average...4 stars just cause I liked the tortellini...:D", 4, 0], "lU8NRv5tSe9UbDiB_huT4Q": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "5/7/2008", "The best whole pies in the area. Love their whole wheat crust pizza! I gave it four stars there is no parking.", 4, 0], "8kRBZcvZqky7GQLtckrlsA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "4/8/2008", "The slices are okay. If you order a whole pizza it is quite a bit better. I don't really now if Pizza Aroma really deserves the \"best pizza in ithaca\" though.", 3, 0], "9T3Qs9LpkIyC7-2q7VcJlg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Aroma", "8/13/2007", "my favorite pizza place in ithaca (at least it was a few years ago) -- their bbq chicken slices are to die for! the crust is crisp and the toppings fresh and tasty.", 4, 0]}
{"pjlfbnVyMtUsiaIHEBPrpg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/8/2018", "Too many customers in such a small restaurant. Hygiene is suspicious at best. Little amount of food.", 3, 0], "Gb9yhUYnsSAUn4k8awMnRg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "9/15/2018", "I went there twice and I promise I will never visit the Oishii Bowl again.It is not Oishii at all! It is even worse than the frozen ramen sold at the Asian grocery, I wonder how they cooked the noodle soup. The first\u200b time I ordered the miso ramen and the noodle is not cooked. I thought, \"ok, they may make\u200b some mistake\". That's why I gave it a second chance when\u200b I ordered the curry rice. WORST CURRY RICE EVER! It is just like someone pour the salt into the curry. I drunk two cups of water to neutralize\u200b the salty rice. Next time, I would prefer to buy some curry sauce and cook at home.", 1, 0], "QYpOC9fKEy7DL1hVmHyy-w": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/21/2018", "The food is delicious and filling. I normally get the dried tofu bowl or the fried chicken bowl and they are both fantastic. The staff is super friendly and they make your food pretty quickly. It's a great place to eat.", 5, 0], "CYKRk5yLsuUa2ema-SYnRw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/14/2018", "Coming from SoCal I guess my standard of ramen noodle is high. So this place definitely gets a F from me. The most important element of ramen - soup base was so bland and lukewarm. Even so, this place is still busy! Go figure. I guess when there is not that many ramen places around, there is no competition.", 1, 0], "Pi4ByueLmRmWi9h_Ly5mqQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "2/27/2018", "I first came here 3 years ago while at Cornell, and I remember being pleasantly surprised that this little shop on a small corner in college town could taste so good! I recently came back to this ramen shop with my mother and it was simply delicious!! For such a rainy cold day, a hot steaming bowl of ramen soup was so perfect! One complaint I had: despite the lines being short due to the quick service, the store is very cramped and it gets extremely crowded. Because of the amount of tables and chairs stuffed into the tiny shop, getting around is a nightmare when there are multiple groups of college students eating there.", 4, 1], "XJ_A1_X_TNVEalzTEmA1Fw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "2/16/2018", "In terms of the ramen I've had the shoyu, miso, tonkontsu and tan tan men (not really a ramen dish but it has the ramen noodles). I definitely prefer the flavor profile of the tan tan men the most-- the broth is really rich! However there aren't a lot of toppings (since it isn't actually a ramen dish) so if you like lots of toppings in your ramen, this one is probably not for you. However, I mainly eat ramen for the noodles and broth and too many toppings actually detract from the experience for me, so I love the tan tan men. The second for me is the tonkotsu ramen. The shoyu and miso broth both feel a bit one note.The ramen here doesn't fill me up that much so if you're looking for a heavier meal, the katsudon is a classic.", 4, 0], "2ErG3rAOBo4gk4j2oQPB8Q": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/25/2017", "We had udon and fried chicken bowl. Udon soup was too sweet for us, not sure if they used msg in their soup. For my fried chicken bowl, it was okay. Overall, nothing to rave about. It's just average for your value, portion and taste", 2, 0], "dWR08enEnrTzMrVePgH4mA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "10/7/2017", "Ordered the shoyu ramen and it came out rather fast. Strange they give you an option to give tip, but they don't serve you the food, you walk up to the counter to get your order. The shoyu was a smallish serving size. Presentation was usual, with sliced pork laying over a bed of ramen.the ramen was soft, not particularly slippery. Pork was sliced good but the quality of the pork could have been better,meat was fat was a bit chewy. A lot of green onions, it's a garnish...a filler at best. But the most mediocre part was the soap. The color was light, the taste had no heart to it. So it wasn't horrible overall, it was a very mediocre. Probably wouldn't go back for the ramen.", 2, 4], "4E2Bes5X-m3qXPgSPbAH9g": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "9/17/2017", "If you're single on Valentine's day, I'd highly recommend this place. No lovey-dovey couples and the food is pretty good.", 4, 0], "B8KsQvJCF1DmHlzDYHJfbA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/19/2017", "I love this place! It's reasonably priced and close to campus. I don't think I have ever had a bad experience here. I mean sure the decor is below average and it's a big run down, but the food is spectacular! My favorite is the tomyum noodles, which are really spicy!!! Here is a picture of the katsu don.", 5, 0], "0CrtPebJli_sIlRVwPmf3Q": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/18/2017", "*Edit* This place is inconsistent in quality, but when it's good, it's worth the gambleI absolutely love this place and I've been a regular practically since I first stepped onto campus freshman year, 2 years ago. I used to get it delivered to north campus whenever I was having a bad day. I tell all of my friends to come with me and whenever someone craves it, they know who to ask.My favorites are definitely the miso ramen, tonkotsu ramen and karaage(thick and juicy), close behind are the katsu curry and oyakodon. They are very accommodating with removing elements I don't like (ex. bean sprouts). The food is always very fast, but the lady is very friendly when I order ahead for pick up as well. I have no idea what this forced tipping and raw ramen thing is about? The tipping screen has a custom tip option, but I admittedly have never wanted to tip lower than 15% anyway.The meat has also vastly improved this past month. They were a little thin and dry before for my taste, but now they are wonderful. Your teeth can sink into them and tear them apart tenderly. Absolutely in love. I might be a little biased, but this is definitely my go to place for comfort food in ctown.", 5, 2], "hUcDoGNczyG__YpHKbYqVw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/11/2017", "I lived in Japan years ago and this feels like the bowl my neighbor would make for our craft group: nice and filling but not gourmet, yet I grew to crave it!I had the fried tofu bowl with veggies. (Over rice). The tofu is popped into a deep fry, I think, which results in a little chewy ball that pops open I. Your mouth. (Airy inside vs solid cubes). It was the same way at the foreign school in Japan. Feels \"home-y\".Also had a bun, ( big enough for 3ppl but not soft), and the sweet sticky rice! If you also crave this little treat, it's very good here! Again, just like my friend made and / or we found at the school. (See pic). This is also addictive. I took it on the road with me and ate it all the way home.", 4, 1], "I0NdXVOm1g7sjww3u3_kKg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/7/2017", "Had lunch here today and was very disappointed with the quality of the food. Most of my group had one of the two tofu veggie bowls. The fried tofu was this weird, soggy chewy gum mess and the vegetables in the bowl were obviously from frozen \"veggie mix\" (califlower, broccoli, and carrots). Flavorless or worse and not worth the money (there's much higher quality food around for the same cost). Bummer that there's no veggie noodle dishes.", 2, 0], "9UDLxOQ2mzzF9XRG_xxIBQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/1/2017", "It's a great comfort on a wintery day (and there are so many of those in Ithaca!) to enter this small authentic Japanese place and have a huge bowl of soup and noodles by yourself, some alone time when needed. They have a fair service quality but if you go in, try dishes #2 and #11. It's healthy filling and has fair prices.Cheers.", 3, 0], "cfjzkg_I3hndKeQs1Rb2pQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/7/2017", "Oishii bowl was my go-to spot during the long Ithaca winters. Katsu Don with warm tea on the way to or from a long day of class always hit the spot, and the broth in the ramen is far from the worst I've had. Portion sizes more than make up for the price, and while they could clean up in the next few years, the atmosphere inside was consistently warm and comforting and the staff nearly always efficient and friendly. I'll miss this place.", 5, 0], "u57OnUBKYlzcyycy9Ex8Ng": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/5/2017", "In short, if you think this is \"good ramen\" you probably should just spend your money on instant ramen.I've been to Oishii a few times and I typically will get the tonkotsu or shoyu ramen. The ramen noodles are typically overcooked and soggy (The equivalent of instant ramen if not worse). The broth is always way too oily, although the 2 stars goes to the fact that the broth is not the worse. The meat/char siu is literally a paper thin slice of overcooked pork. Save your money and do not come here until they improve the quality of their noodles or pork.", 2, 0], "cuig4YPyb77JYaASi_e0jw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "5/29/2017", "The ramen is decent but I'm pretty sure I went here almost every weekend senior year for the Burmese special. Its spicy and will light you up - but its totally worth it!", 3, 1], "TL64uzZuXnqjphx5uvGQlw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "5/27/2017", "Oishii bowl has been one of my collegetown guilty pleasures since it first opened. I always get the #6 (fried chicken bowl) and my wife gets the #15. If you are looking to fill up and not pay a ton, this is definitely the way to go. Not gourmet by any means, but a great fast food alternative for sure. Their new taro lattes are my new favorite sugary drink. Give this place a try if you haven't yet! Just make sure to check your bag for all of your items, because they occasionally leave something out.", 4, 0], "MbVCjrh1Z75GvHbftusA8Q": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "5/12/2017", "They have a variety of rice and noodle soup dishes that come in pretty large portions for very affordable prices. Because of the small space, it does get crowded often, making the wait time longer. The ramen noodles are made very fast, while the rice bowls take much longer.", 4, 0], "oWtdP3NkROcAR6q4z09VQA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/8/2017", "nasty food and rude attitude. I ordered ramen. It was raw!!! Seriously?! Raw ramen?! I am allergic to bean sprouts. When I asked if they had bean sprouts in ramen, they were like 'I don't know, just check by yourself.' I was so angry so I didn't wanna give them tips, but they forced me to give 15% tips. I will never be there anymore.", 1, 2], "auGi4z7hO7XomHUAZOrWFw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/8/2017", "I would say it's the worst Japanese restaurant i've ever been to. First, ramen here was nasty, even raw and sticky together, and the fish cakes were pretty expensive and not worth it. Also, the price was quite high compared to other Japanese restaurants, and they forced you to give at least 15% tips. However, they didn't provide worthy service. We had to serve ourselves and they were very rude to us when we asked about the dishes.", 1, 3], "2ZGk660ojw8376EaBZjBqQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "2/24/2017", "it's cheap and tasty... what more could u want? well i suppose the indoor seating could be spacier and cleaner.... but otherwise, top choice for student-budget friendly asian food in an otherwise limited options in ithaca .", 4, 0], "bWw16pQgM4xda0ToKGqYZA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "2/13/2017", "I was thrilled to hear that this restaurant delivers, and took advantage of it as quickly as I could.The servings were substantial, and for someone with a typically large appetite, one full bowl and some pork dumplings made for a sizable, satisfying meal.Everything seemed very fresh and well prepared, and quite authentic. Some portions of my meal were not to my liking, but I am willing to honor the idea that my palette might just be picky, and I do not blame the restaurant.", 3, 0], "R6_R2quZ15O9XsY4OmZ46w": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "1/4/2017", "My personal favorite is their Miso Ramen. The soup comforts you especially after a long and harsh day. Of course this is not a place for delicate, luxury food, but a place that could truly become part of your college life and memory.", 4, 0], "zBVvK2E1OHKIU8J-FBAk1Q": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "12/7/2016", "The best thing here is speed. Quick to get in, order, eat, leave. Also, tea is free. The menu is mysterious. No descriptions beyond a title for each dish and a tiny photograph. Online menu is better. Tried both tofu dishes. The dried tofu was much better than the fried, though neither had enough protein - really skimped on the tofu. The bowls were mostly rice for $9. Veggies were fresh and a good assortment, but over-cooked. Bowl was very hot - too hot to eat for a while, so takeout would be best. Overall, both dishes weren't memorable.Soysauce provided was the cheapest kind in little plastic packets - yuck! Tables were all pretty nasty. Bottom line: if I'm starving and in college town and already have a parking spot and must eat RIGHT NOW then I'll go back. If not, probably not.", 3, 0], "AvJM5RbPv5bIW1KDRENHTg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/8/2016", "Love Oishi bowl especially when they have Burmese special on the weekend. The price is good! They make the broths for the soup. Staff is great! They always have free water and hot tea to drink.", 5, 2], "uMYH0WKznH1ijqjvLC9ubw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/9/2016", "Definitely go for either the tan tan men or the default katsu don. Not sure about how \"authentic Japanese\" the flavor may or may not be but it definitely hits the spot when you want something warm and savory.", 4, 1], "RgwzVmy6XAyd32ecTzrtYQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "7/14/2016", "We have been trying Oishi now and again ever since they opened. They definitely keep improving. My favorite thing about Oishi is that their broths are obviously homemade and not from some salt infested pre-package.You can always add salt, but just try taking it away. NOT possible. Oishi's noodle bowls and soup have a nice robust flavor without relying on salt to hide a lack of flavor or a lack of freshness. The food always tastes fresh.This is the ONLY restaurant in Ithaca whose dishes taste like ones you might make at home, SPECIFICALLY not so salty you need to drink a quart of water afterward and still feel thirsty.Nice. Fresh. Clean.I would 5 star them, but the location is pretty squirrelly, and parking is tricky.", 4, 2], "GG27zepcDk9zFleFofoJKQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/30/2016", "How did this place ever get a review over 1 star? Honestly I'd give it 0 stars if I could. Worst ramen I have ever eaten... Mine and my wife's noodles where so over cooked. Know when you overlook ramen in the microwave and they get all pastey and get that slime on them? Exactly that is what their noodles where like. I got the spicy one and let me tell you... Spicy is not the right word, bland would be the correct word. Idk if they forgot to add spice or flavor but it was not even close to spicy. The ground pork in my ramen tasted like it had been boiled to cook it.. And had absolutely no flavor. My broth tasted like leftover milk from cereal, and not in a good way. My wife got the ramen with the soy sauce broth and the broth was better but with the gross noodles and the egg tasted like it was pickled it wasn't much better than mine. Save yourself the money and time and grab a cup o soup from Walmart, 0/10 would never go back.", 1, 3], "s15nYk6dePxxCYoj9RLwNg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/18/2016", "Great ramen and rice bowls. A place not to be missed!", 5, 1], "phwi99uv7Zps4JONJJ91qQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/15/2015", "Avoid at all cost. They gave me food poisoning. I threw up after eating their fried chicken kaarage and Katsu don. Disappointing experience.", 1, 5], "-ZMqhNtapfKFvcIHZpcQmQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "10/12/2015", "I have gotten food from oishii bowl twice so far and I will definitely come again. There isn't much seating inside but there are plenty of people who do take out. I have eaten in once and have done take out once. I have ordered the shoyu ramen and the miso ramen and they tasted great both times. The price is hard to beat for the taste and the convenience. My friends have gotten rice bowls and they really give you a lot of food.", 5, 0], "HfPPXQM6uDD_AeciLz8wVg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "7/14/2015", "Meh. Miso ramen is so so. The best thing about this place is their prices. It makes you full but not satisfied.", 3, 3], "Y-w3EsL7EfhquLdNgnjUfw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/25/2015", "Excellent little shop. We had Ramen and Udon soups and a noodle bowl. All tasty. Quick. Cheap.", 4, 0], "ci5TEALdLJOmZBXlunPtWg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "5/8/2015", "Actually, it was not Japanese food. They served Kao Mun Kai (It's Thai language: meaning: Steam chicken with steam rice), that's really Thai or Chinese food.The food are very pricey and too much MSG in both food and their hot tray. I don't like the chicken that they served, too. It was low quality and not a well-prepared one. I stopped by for a couple times and not been there anymore because too oily soup in noodle soup and price is too expensive for the little ingredient that I recieved. I preferred anyplace else for the better and healthier quality of food and service. Or just stopped by at 7-11 for cheap boneless chicken wings or make instant noodle at home still worth it better, healthier.", 1, 1], "Qv7alsFbyQhJLueu7Z4RpA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "12/1/2014", "Not being a seasoned Japanese soup eater, i really love tan tan men--I eat here at least twice a week, nothing has ever made me sick as some of the reviews state. I also like the Udon soup and the fish rice bowl, although the rice needs more sauce, too dry without it. I have had most everything 1-14, keep getting #12 every time. Going to eat there today in fact! Very friendly in there too.", 3, 0], "IKqgNA-qymMUyRIbmI1fdQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "9/29/2014", "Followup: To be fair, I revisited Oishii recently to see if my first visit was just a product of an enterprise off to a rough start.Nope.Only this time, the experience was \"enhanced\" by an authentic barely English-speaking Asian clerk at the counter. I made the mistake of inquiring why there was an upcharge for brown rice in a dish, since brown rice costs a fraction of white rice and it should not increase the cost of an item. Silly me! Shut up and eat.Like I noted originally, maybe if the items were $4 a bowl, Oishii wouldn't continue to be such a mystery to me. As it is, I have no idea what niche Oishii is filling in C-town. But they are still there, so they must be doing something for somebody.", 1, 2], "DHB9IS9qfcT6ueIrqKvFlw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "9/1/2014", "The place has definitely improved since opening. I now come here maybe once every two or three weeks, but I'd eat here twice a week if they increased the portions and added more ramen (at a marginal cost to them of 25cents, I reckon). At $8, you have Apollo next door that will do a long line up of noodle soups *stuffed* with noodles. That said, the soups are Chinese style and the Japanese broth is different, so variety keeps me coming back once in awhile.", 3, 3], "FdN35xh9gJI_5uGZBifhVQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/31/2014", "I have been here over three times already since it's so close. Their japanese hand-pulled ramen soup is great but a little too salty. Still pretty good though.", 4, 1], "lZh2Z5pl27xRmnvu6m2vzA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "8/20/2014", "My bf and I got the tantan spicy ramen and the baked chicken noodles. Both were pretty good. Broth in the tan tan was very spicy. THE soups come out piping hot. There is a good quantity of noodles esp for 8 dollars. Only complaint I would have is that they need more veggies and other condiments in the noodle soups. Can't just be just noodles and soup, oishii!!Also their sweet tea is good (Thai tea without the cream) but it is really sweet. I diluted with some water and waited for the ice to meltTheir current rating is 2.5 stars. I think it deserves way more. 4!!", 4, 2], "wgNPJ65GQR_jU29-7IFaEg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "7/30/2014", "Great food. Great price. Average condition. Came with girlfriend and had a great time!!!", 4, 0], "sBxSB43qCwFnhJ1kC9XSTw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "7/17/2014", "They have stepped up their game and are now offering several new side and entree items. Noodles are still great, they've changed their bowls and utensils to non-disposable ones, and improved their pork seasoning or something... I was really impressed with it. There are now racks of spices and soy sauce at the tables, and they now have a VERY tasty pork bun as a side. All they need to do is touch up their ramen and they're golden. I would love those tea soaked eggs, sesame seeds, broth experimentation, and some other ramen topping options. There is so much potential!! C'mon Oishii, I believe in you!", 4, 0], "80OJe7cTX4Lnbdbpr9zgKw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "7/7/2014", "The other items might be lousy, but the ramen soups are pretty decent. The noodle quality pales in comparison to NYC ramen joints. The broth is ok and the portions are big enough to feed one hungry person or two less peckish people. Of the ramen options, I think the tan tan men (spicy with ground pork) is the tastiest. Everything is about 8 bucks, which isn't terrible for lunch in collegetown. They are quite slow however, so you may want to call in your order ahead of time.", 3, 2], "vOxhkD008UBiIvcvlzeShg": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/28/2014", "The food here is ok... Not great, but not bad either. I got the tan tan men... Broth was ok, had decent flavor but was pretty oily.. (I still had to add a ton of spices) toppings were tasty and the pork was crumbly.. But they didn't give you a lot of it. Noodles were cooked well and were a good consistency. My wife ordered the tofu veggie bowl and it was not very good. Basically just steamed veggies on top of A LOT of rice.If you are in the mood for ramen, this is your only game in town.... And If you do come here, def stick with the ramen.", 3, 1], "ni1XOgOCx8mfZWSkDiZV_Q": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "6/28/2014", "Both the katsudon and tantanmen here are great. The ramen is better than anything else you can find in Collegetown. To the person complaining about the runny yolks in the eggs, it's called a soft-boiled egg and it was cooked that way on purpose. Possibly the best Japanese food experience in Collegetown, especially considering the prices.", 4, 2], "FDeNHLmFyc9wcMYH3o0IXQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/29/2014", "The food here is actually horrifying. My friend was ill the next day after eating the \"ramen\" here, which was served with an undercooked egg with runny yolk. Also, they are really stingy about the soy sauce. You have to actually go up and ask for it, and the cashier will silently give you one tiny packet of soy sauce per person, like she is the guardian of the soy sauce.", 1, 13], "AQylY3MxiIda-2glz5uRPA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/24/2014", "After coming here twice, I realized that the food was making me sick. I tried the miso ramen as well as the \"Oyako Don\" and overall it was mediocre. I had a stomach ache for the remainder of the day after eating here for lunch, both times.    For the soup: The pork on the \"Miso Ramen\" soup was 80% fat, 5% connective tissue, and 15% meat. The soup was very salty. The bamboo shoot slices were fairly good, but those are hard to mess up honestly. The texture of the noodles is similar to that of the ramen packs that you microwave with water.     For the \"Oyako Katsu\": the chicken tasted and looked like something out of a crappy dining hall. The rice had a good texture and was nice and sticky. The eggs were fine.    Overall, the food is almost sub-par. However, it is conveniently located in the center of collegetown, which is where most of the hustle and bustle of college students looking for a cheap meal is. Price-wise, it is pretty competitive. You're looking at paying between 8 and 10 dollars when you buy an item here. Honestly, for the quality of food being provided, I think it is a total rip-off. It's also important to add that even though the name of the restaurant is \"oishii', which stands for delicious food in Japanese, a lot of the very few listed items are not actually Japanese. If you're looking for some actual Japanese food that is tasty, go somewhere else.", 2, 4], "XyE33j4ozbP89KVa-WGe9A": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "4/5/2014", "I had the tofu vegetable bowl. I hadn't eaten anything today but it was so bad that I could barely eat it and I didn't finish it.", 1, 2], "bS0DW8b5F6F7Tipku4ladQ": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "2/10/2014", "Update: glad to see that this place is improving, although I only recommend one thing on their menu, number 14 with roasted chicken. Basically a Japanese fast food place where gives you instant noodle with boring toppings. I would say it's slightly above being edible.", 3, 2], "KzIQOjHCsRh7j2Y91omaLw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "1/21/2014", "After many-a-trip to Boston recently and enjoying the various ramen restaurants, I actually made a post on Reddit asking for recommendations on where I could find ramen around town. Someone's recommendation? Oishii (or Oishii Bowl, as the sign reads). I had never heard of this place... which isn't super surprising, considering it's fairly new. The decision? To try it tonight after work.I made a quick order to go as I was walking to my car after work and the girl who had picked up the phone was very polite. I arrived at Oishii about 5 minutes later, noticing that it's a simple little takeout place and appears to be fairly clean, and my takeout order of miso ramen was waiting on the counter.The menu seems to be pretty complete, including 13 different dishes, 4 sides, and 3 different tea beverages. They take credit cards, which is convenient (not all ramen places in Boston/Cambridge do, so I always end up having to remember to get cash before going out to dinner with friends), and the service seems pretty efficient. The miso ramen itself was okay. More bland than what I'm used to from ramen places in Boston/Cambridge, perhaps, but it tasted good on this freezing cold night. Perhaps some garlic would enhance the taste? More salt seems like it would help too. That said, it'd be easy enough to doctor up this ramen a bit at home. TL;DR Decent ramen option, but could be spicier/more flavorful. Will visit again to try the Chicken Mango Salad, Shoyu Ramen, or Oyaku Don though.", 3, 14], "7L1jevhIMdUThQe8HEqJBA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "1/7/2014", "The menu has more than 14 items now. I got number 4, which is fried fish on top of rice with 3 slices of cucumber. They were out of unagi sauce, so I asked for the spicy ginger sauce (seriously, the ginger sauce was really good!). All dishes are $7.99 and they have three different kinds of iced tea. From the looks of it, some dishes might be pretty sweet, so if you're not a fan of that, stick to what I ordered or ask them what is sweet and what's not.- awesome location, cheap food.", 4, 4], "OpSe6jnvfKuRRjlIMCA_2w": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/17/2013", "The place has been open for just a week and from what I've seen, it's getting a fair amount of business.Their menu is really limited - seven items (possibly eight, but one was blocked out) and half are Japanese and half are Thai. I've tried two different items here and was pretty satisfied with both. One was the mango chicken salad which was pretty enjoyable. The salad wasn't drenched with dressing, although I would have preferred if the mango was sweeter. The other thing I tried was the katsu don bowl. It definitely beats out Cafe Pacific's version of it, and it's much cheaper. The only downside of this one was that I thought the rice was a bit too moist.There are already several Japanese options in Collegetown, but this one wins in price and speed without compromising taste.", 4, 4], "s7VfZJlrjq6LmyxvpMUnAw": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/17/2013", "Unless they stay open until 2AM on weekends and start catering to drunk and desperate students, I doubt that they will make it to Spring Break.  Why open a place with a Japanese name and then serve sub-par Thai food? They'll need $200/day profit just to make rent and I just don't think that's going to happen. It seems the only people doing start-ups in C-Town are NYC out of towners who don't know the demographic and can afford the rents-- for a while. The only decent new start up in the last five years is Crazy Yogurt and they're a franchise", 1, 2], "9DH0gjHckLO0HvXMwd0mLA": ["Yelp", "Oishii Bowl", "11/14/2013", "Oishii is a new Japanese restaurant in collegetown that serves quickly prepared rice bowls. There are only about 7 bowls on the menu ranging between $7 and $8. I ordered the mango chicken salad ($7) that had freshly fried katsu style chicken over a bed of iceberg lettuce and shredded mango. The chicken tasted very fresh, but lacked salt. The dressing was a touch too sweet but not as bad as many Japanese restaurants in Ithaca. I also ordered a green tea latte that was pretty tasty, not overly sweet. My friend's bowl, which contained fried pork and onions over rice, while fresh and crispy, also tasted kind of bland. It was decent enough that I'll give them a second try when they become a bit more established.", 3, 5]}
{"rUfBgzGbghGG9InobUywPA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/28/2018", "Give me a commercial bakery over this place. Super expensive and confusing. I kept rereading the menu to make sure i was seeing the prices right (I was). I settled on three smoothies and a veggie burger panini. The girl with blue hair told me: \"we don't have anything like that\" and pulled out the menu. Thinking i misread it, I looked and there it was under grilled panini: veggie burger. She goes: \"oh, sorry\". The smoothie was grainy. Total: $27.00. Ouch. Lesson learned.", 2, 0], "odp77hjKx8Pxb3n5QzkAAg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "9/16/2018", "This is such a fun bakery! They have most of anything you would want - the typical bagels (large variety of bagel types, cream cheeses, and toppings like jams and PB), bakery items, paninis, bagel sandwiches, grab and go fridge items, and some hot foods (eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy for breakfast hours). They have many coffee options, and several smoothies. Also a solid variety of local cheeses and grocery items. Basically, most anyone can go here and find something they'd like to eat!", 5, 0], "3wYvQb9TinI2oaEn5H1aNQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/6/2018", "I ordered a beef on weck sandwich and my sandwich was already half soggy when I got it. I also tried their blueberry cheesecake, which redeemed this place. Otherwise I would give it two stars.", 3, 0], "A9jEyEJtgBqWhYijJ1P64A": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/6/2018", "One worst restaurant plan I have ever encounter, disorganized & confusing. The sandwich was so thickly cut it wasn't even possible to fit it in your month! Very slap dash presentation, a sandwich for a barbarian.", 1, 0], "Zc2AZIT3oG6O_4x8dwwoEQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/3/2018", "This is a great bakery/cafe. I can't speak to the one in Ithaca proper, but the one by Triphammer Mall is great. The service is good and friendly, and it is also prompt. The sandwiches are adequate, but the bread and baked goods are great. The salad bar is also excellent! I had The gazpacho soup which was phenomenal, and I do not say that lightly. The coffee is wonderful too. If you are in Ithaca go here for lunch.", 5, 0], "IeTvk-5WDD-dxSMe2HNDKQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/12/2018", "Tasty sandwiches and great service! The chocolate covered cheesecake brownie is to die for. Layout can be confusing but CTB is a lot worse imo.", 5, 0], "iv1CRAycPBJdWWENYVPBVg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "4/25/2018", "There's surprisingly a dearth of places to grab lunch and get some work done in Ithaca (this is a college town, right?!), so I find myself forced into Ithaca Bakery. I would say it's fine, but no better. The internet barely works if at all, and the food is a bit overpriced and underwhelming.", 3, 0], "b-vfAeWOrgD_iy0nEZFVUQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "4/1/2018", "We loved the dessert: chocolate Regel square and baby vanilla cheesecake. We ordered latte and hot chocolate. They were yummy and so good!The place should have been more well kept. Nonetheless we loved the dessert!", 4, 3], "LG5rXqH9rolYEP6HM3vOUw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/21/2017", "I prefer this location to the one downtown when I'm looking for a quiet place to eat breakfast or lunch. I enjoy the Bronx sandwich that tastes fresh and the Mt Pleasant Sandwich. The vanilla cupcake is tasty, too. I appreciate the prices- they are comparable to other lunch options.", 4, 0], "845i5tTzrnUqmqFYPtRG0Q": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/2/2017", "This is the slowest, most overpriced place in Lansing that serves the most mediocre food. Unfortunately it's either Ithaca Bakery or McDonalds for breakfast in Lansing and hopefully this review brings inspiration to someone thinking of starting a Cafe. Ithaca bakery has forgotten/gotten my order wrong too many times. WARNING give Ithaca bakery 30 minutes to prepare the food because otherwise you'll be late for your obligations, otherwise McDonald's is your only other option for cheap breakfast food in Lansing. Don't bother with their hot chocolate because it's Swissmiss that you can buy about 500% cheaper at tops!", 1, 0], "bNGj7FZFm2hDL1n-ng21bg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "11/8/2017", "We've tried this place a number of times...but unfortunately it always is a meh experience.There isn't many places close by to where we visit, so we always think let's give it another try. We ordered vegetable barley soup and a salad. The soup was hot and thats about it....not a great flavor profile or a lot of veggies in the soup. The amount of greens they give in a salad should be posted as a side salad and the greens were a bit limp.One person in our group tried a luncheon meat and cheese sandwich and their layered pumpkin bar.....we had a small taste of the pumpkin bar and that was enjoyable. The sandwich was lackluster too the other diner mentioned.I hope we don't go back again out of necessity......just a waste of money.", 2, 1], "2qZmBhgWad30i4FnlGvgzg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "11/2/2017", "Eggs were terrible. There was no seasoning. Hockey puck like. Sandwiches were built without care. Mustard piled in one area instead of being spread evenly over the bread.", 2, 0], "24rwn49YmItCpOBogIfwBQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "10/27/2017", "I have lived here for 11 years +. Visited this spot multiple times a week- until yesterday. Number one, it looks like they are on the verge of closing. Kind of half assed construction, not alot of selections for food ( to-go cooler unplugged and empty). As I waited, The male cashier was really nice but there was a big burly bearded ( with no beard hair-net type thing on) let out a huge burp while making sandwiches for waiting customers. OWNERS/MANAGERS: GET YOUR STAFF IN LINE!!!!!! I will make the trip to the one in East Hill plaza rather than this depressing spot with gross employees.", 1, 0], "dScJDvmXv6Q93WszW5Odlw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "9/14/2017", "The potatoes were probably days old and the every component of the bagel was improperly prepared. Together it was not pleasant eating their hot food. Their pastries are average in quality but that is not enough given that is not their only fare.", 2, 0], "6nH5z4EhiUqt4lroUKFtOA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/10/2017", "Yuk!The pulled pork was completely cold in the middle, I brought the sandwich back to the worker at the counter, then it was given to the cook who microwaved it until it was chewy.Microwaved pulled pork sandwich.Disgusting!I won't be back", 1, 0], "NqiB3GDHI5a_4VbitxBHcw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "5/30/2017", "By far this is the best run of all of the CTB/Ithaca Bakery locations in Ithaca. Spacious, clean, fast, friendly.", 5, 0], "7DEiT-KZGv4s6HsPVoR9Rw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "5/7/2017", "Two vegan sandwich options on the menu, but they were out of the sauce for one. Every time I come here I remember why the CTB in East Hill Plaza is better.", 2, 0], "BNbB68r8lvUh6x251xrT0A": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "4/13/2017", "I have been here twice within the last two months for lunch. A great place, a great deli with many selections including sandwiches, soups and salads. I have never been a big fan of the original Ithaca Bakery downtown (and yes, I know stating that will be considered by some to be a sacrilege) because the downtown restaurant is so confusing as to which station you order what and who is first in line...very haphazard. The restaurant here in the Triphammer Mall is the exact opposite...it is extremely well organized, three cashiers next to each other that can deal with many customers at once, and a great number system to get food out once you are seated. There are two main dining areas, both spacious. The wait has not been long both times, including the first time I went on a Friday at 12:30 PM filled with many hungry people. I have had turkey and pastrami on rye and on pumpernickel, very good, one had cole slaw on the sandwich, also very good. If you are looking for a quick and yummy place for lunch in Northeast Ithaca, forget the Mall or Applebee's...go to Ithaca Bakery.", 4, 0], "RXN3H22AI0mx68RmHKSCqA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/29/2017", "There sandwiches are superb! I do wish they would bring back the house smoked pastrami though. Other than that everything is great!", 5, 0], "WMJ-clE3H7vPlXtx0D9f9w": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/22/2016", "This is the most inconsistent branch of the Bakery. They need to teach and watch their employees construct the food before allowing it to be sent to the customer, especially the to-go items. Today I purchased a to-go $6.20 CTBLT and found that it had one piece of bacon, once piece of lettuce, no mayonnaise, and a tiny lump of avocado. If this was a one time mistake, it would be fine, but this happens every other time I go there. So much for hoping they will improve their staff skills.", 2, 0], "m-PMOZtpkXugHlogbTWElA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/22/2016", "I usually don't like to give bad reviews publicly but, I will make an exception for this disaster. I used to take my staff here for lunch over the summer at least twice a week and, despite the food being mediocre, we loved the coffee and a couple of the employees that always waited on us and treated us so well. We started scaling back to once every other week in the late fall due to the long waits and the complete lack of management. Our last four experiences since Christmas have been nothing short of awful. The food was terrible, the waiting time was almost an hour and the service was disgusting. The staff seemed more interested in chatting with each other and less interested in serving customers. The management seemed arrogant and borderline abusive to the staff, which may explain why the staff were less than enthusiastic. When I asked to speak with a manager about the long wait and poor customer service, the man I talked to said that it was very busy and that he was the assistant manager, he told me that he would let his boss know that there was a complaint and that's all he could do. He said if I don't like it there, then I shouldn't come back, that I'm a regular and I should understand the way it works there. I said OK and I took my colleagues and we left. We will not be returning and we will not be asking Ithaca Bakery to cater our annual office picnic this summer, as they have for the past three years. It's a shame because, we always looked forward to their catering in June. My office, my colleagues, and my family are all finished with this place. We have also spread the word.", 1, 3], "iXUIQYD76HSfQaxmmuGVcw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/22/2016", "Out of all of the college town bagels this was is by far the most disorganized and poorly run. Only reason I come here is because it is close to my work and I just get soup cause it is already made and the staff can't mess it up. My last encounter I waited 30 minutes for 2 salads that came out incorrectly...... The poor service is one thing but the menu is maybe a quarter of the size than the other locations. Probably a good thing though don't want to confuse the staff too much...... New management should be considered", 2, 1], "OgeRbyhZ58tM2cZ1lDVU-g": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/12/2016", "Usually not a bad meal but for some reason the Bronx breakfast sandwich was not up to par this morning. Bagel cold- not toasted, sausage and egg cold. Only thing hot was coffee.Soooooo, discussed AM issues with management. Apologies accepted. For that 3 stars.", 3, 0], "n_GVDbpOA7A85ICaeb8yCw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/27/2015", "So I have a review of a different kind I guess... This morning I was waiting in my car to go into the Ithaca bakery for breakfast and coffee as I do usually a couple times a week, when I happened to notice one of the managers named Tom who was in his car as well. I witnessed him smoking out of a pipe. It was not a tobacco pipe and I'm assuming it wasn't a crack pipe, although I have seen the way he treats his employees there, and the way he berates them sometimes I guess it wouldn't surprise me if it was crack. However, I will give him the benefit of the doubt and say that it was marijuana he was smoking. Truly disgusting, because he is a person who is supposed to be an authority figure there and for him to publicly be doing something that is illegal in this state is a shame. Apparently he thinks he is above the law and can do whatever the heck he wants, and it completely mirrors his management style. So now I am going to be getting my breakfast and coffee elsewhere as well as tell my friends, who will certainly do the same thing. He's a disgrace, and I hope appropriate action will be taken because I'm sure that wasn't the first time he has done that, it's just the first time he was seen doing that. I will give a 3 star rating as an average. 1 star for what I witnessed and 5 stars because everything else at that store is just fine, sans Tom...", 3, 1], "zXxeAsLfqDV3x24gWMqp8w": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "11/28/2015", "My girlfriend and I went here for breakfast and she ordered a Brooklyn Bagel (bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted bagel) and I ordered a Florentine Wrap (spinach tortilla, spinach, \"scrambled egg\", feta, mushrooms). Her bagel came untoasted, and both of our \"eggs\" came in the form of an ugly yellow, gelatinous, rubber hockey puck. There's no way that was a scrambled egg. The cheese and the bacon were fine though. My wrap was entirely raw. Every ingredient (except the \"egg\" probably?) was uncooked. I know some people like raw mushrooms but it just did not mesh well with the cold egg puck and the rest of the chewy uncooked wrap. The feta was good, I ended up just picking out the feta and eating it. We were just so incredibly disturbed by the egg patties. They didn't taste the least like eggs which was especially disappointing given how much they advertised their \"farm to fork\" policy. I'm pretty sure those were out of a carton or a factory or something. However, we did order an Aztec Winter Shake which we enjoyed a lot. Sweet with some spice, really pleasing.", 2, 1], "8NsqIJD3mT-iC6Q0h_bIpg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "10/3/2015", "Unlike the other reviews, I didn't have any experiences with poor service but I was disappointed by the food quality of something that's supposed to be an Ithaca classic. I ordered a Tuscan Verde, a Toasted Cheese with Tomato & Bacon soup, and a chocolate-hazelnut filled croissant.1. Tuscan Verde - terrible sandwich, would not recommend to anyone. The chicken was dry and cold. Let in large chunks, pretty chalky and flavorless. The sandwich had no sense of togetherness and the tomatoes were the really firm and tasteless supermarket variety. The sandwich was lacking in moisture for sure. The focaccia was also unimpressive; nice texture but no real flavor of olive oil or any seasonings and not much a crust.2. Toasted Cheese with Tomato & Bacon Soup - this was 5/5, would get again. Not too cloying, decently cheesey. Definitely tasted like smoked gouda & bacon. Good with a dash of tabasco for acidity balance.3. Chocolate-Hazelnut Croissant - there was no offer to heat it so it was pretty cold when I got it. It is literally 90% air, and I don't mean in a nicely layered way either, I mean there were a dozen layers and then a giant cavern with a really small bit of nutella (see my picture for what i mean. It didn't taste that buttery, it did flake well though. Not much substance.", 3, 3], "NpYFwCXS3cpt04nga8BmaA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "9/6/2015", "This place has ridiculously long waits for gross food. After waiting 20 minutes for our breakfast sandwiches, they finally came out and the egg looked like a disturbing yellow hockey puck on a lukewarm bagel. We would have been better off getting egg mcmuffins at McDonalds...we'd even get hashbrowns...", 1, 1], "nWlOQ1IwEeFxamA1Jrh7cw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/26/2015", "Sigh. I still occasionally eat here since there are so few lunch options in the area, and unfortunately my experience hasn't changed. My most recent \"vegetarian\" sandwich had a piece of turkey stuck to the bottom -- annoying for me, but a deal breaker to many other vegetarians. (I am OK with picking it off.)", 2, 1], "X_DkXUR3Zuy6qnsJPARJ6Q": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/10/2014", "Tons of options to choose from, with lots of fresh and tasty ingredients. I picked out my own and made a custom bagel sandwich (lox and cream cheese, red onion, capers, arugula on a long island bagel), and it came out exactly as I hoped. Delicious! Lots of great baked goods as well. The manager Nathan was helpful and friendly and made sure we had a great experience. We will definitely be back next time we're in town!", 5, 1], "zFEh2rF90beKqZCcMGDV1w": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/10/2014", "I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Ithaca Bakery! As an out of towner everyone told me to try Ithaca Bakery and I'm glad they did- everything was DELICIOUS, the people were super friendly, it was clean. I thought the prices were reasonable and the service was really fast! the only con- they don't have Ithaca Bakeries where I'm from. Will definitely visit again!", 5, 0], "j3AiD_4NYPjgRc0-3c4NDg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/31/2014", "Here are my PROS: The location is so convenient for those of us that don't live downtown and it's quite nice to go somewhere with a parking lot. The menu has terrific variety and the bakery case holds many, many goodies. The CONS: As others have mentioned, the service isn't great. It is amazing how uninterested and annoyed the cashiers seem. I don't need the kind of skippy-go-lucky service offered by a smiley, bubbly person, but I also don't like feeling that I've shown up uninvited to a private party when ordering a sandwich at a cafe. I also think the prices are slightly on the high side for what you get. If menu items cost a little less, I'd be more inclined to buy a dessert and a soda with my sandwich, but at $9 for the sandwich, I can't justify getting anything else.", 3, 4], "0VA5-0Ml2FWFbAShQ0zbUw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/14/2014", "Way....way....way too expensive. $9 for a roast beef and cheese sandwich on rye bread with a can of soda. I was expecting to get a giant roast beef sandwich with chips and got a very disappointing sized sandwich with no chips.Not going back.", 1, 3], "YhTp2b7Okkw-RT5uCAxxTw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "5/13/2014", "Quality food in a cafe/bakery environment with many college student-type staff. Lots of sandwich options including vegetarian fare. Clean and presentable. I just didn't really get the knock-your-socks off feeling from this place...perhaps price-performance ratio was lower than hoped. I think I would prefer Panera over this place but that should help you benchmark the food here.", 3, 0], "DOhxt3W0gBTg3q02GWuKXA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "1/20/2014", "This updated review is for their bagels and 2 sandwiches I've tried: the Parisian and Laura's Sweet Surprise. My 2 star review still holds for the breakfast sandwiches, but I felt I needed to revise my review after thoroughly enjoying a pumpkin bagel with cinnamon sugar and Laura's sweet surprise.", 4, 0], "4B_pDWj92GIVnqjyzh0Vcw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "11/9/2013", "Just can't get it right.....I've come to this location on more than ten occasions and they have yet to get my order right. I order a \"huevos sonara on an open face onion bagel.\" After paying a premium and normally waiting over 20min I receive a bagel with only cheese and salsa... without guacamole and egg... It's called \"huevos\" for a reason. So I kindly send it back, and after waiting another 20min they return with a huevos sonara in a wrap... Again without guacamole.  They have similarly messed up ten prior times. Hopefully you have better luck.", 2, 5], "dbEu0WD1zdBOg7LzSSaaGg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "10/11/2013", "Fake eggs! Apparently they use \"processed\" eggs. For breakfast our group had a number of egg dishes - bacon & eggs on bagel, egg wrap, etc. None of us were happy - the eggs tasted fake and not good. This is a very popular place - crowded Sunday morning - and serves a \"foodie\" population. Why don't they take the trouble to crack & stir their own eggs like most good - and even basic - breakfast places? If we come here again it will not be for breakfast.", 2, 1], "J7x76jssELEgqrYlCOBp2Q": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "9/19/2013", "the vegetarian options are amazing. This is not the best of the locations for Ithaca Bakery, but it is close to work and the food is amazing. It is a bit expensive but hey I love it.I have never had a problem with service at this location. They always take my order with a smile and I always get exactly what I ask for.The Seitan is great, the soups are always amazing.", 4, 1], "F3zlKVtE6Q0UaxOc8E8FCg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "9/4/2013", "Ah, Ithaca Bakery. Definitely some of the best and creative sandwiches in the area. Large menu and I've never had any problem with customer service at this location. The only reason why I give three stars is that I wish they would use real eggs on the breakfast sandwiches instead of that strange egg patty thing. Also, the location downtown is superior to this one.", 3, 1], "hkuKAOQ3F1Mv0WRxkDTcxw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/26/2013", "Pros: MANY vegetarian options & a few vegan ones, \"outdoor\" (in the mall) patio table seating - which is good for kids, tasty coffee with soymilk available (without asking - it's just out with the milk & cream - awesome!), free cups for tap water, recycle/compost station right at the trash. Cons: the customer service here is... inconsistent and the staff comes across as often disinterested or annoyed. I've felt rushed in placing my order, or that I'm inconveniencing the staff. Also, the \"flow\" through this location is congested. The sandwich board isn't easily visible from the order taking spot, the pastries are on the opposite side of the cold drink case, which is across the store from the coffee, same with the instant oatmeal & the hot water with which to prepare it. Prepared foods are in the front, but if you're trying to look through that case, you're in the way of customers trying to pick up their orders. Overall: Order/payment/pickup counter needs more thoughtful planning, & customer service needs work. Food options, taste, & environmental impact are great (& keep us coming back)", 4, 4], "dhhitxzSe1CSZRit9HcqpA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "6/26/2013", "Yuck! What is this awful difference between Ithaca Bakery on Triphammer and the one downtown? Downtown is SO much better, I wouldn't think they were even related.", 1, 3], "bodMoHzFYAO3WTCN6ganVQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "6/17/2013", "I stopped for breakfast for the first time yesterday, and I was really disappointed. The food was good, but the service was terrible. The young man who took our order was rude and disrespectful. Furthermore, after he made some patronizing comments, he screwed up our order and charged us for an extra item. After noticing the problem, I didn't go back to address it because I didn't want to deal with his behavior. I will definitely not be back.", 2, 0], "daulf6kzZqzKFXhQvexOLA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/3/2013", "I so liked this bakery that over the course of the weekend visit to Ithaca, I stopped 3 times.1st they serve awesome coffee, lattes, and expresso with 100% free trade Cayuga coffee.2nd there bagels have substance and are not those fluffy versions from Panera or Einstein's.3rd they have a nice breakfast buffet selection that you can purchase by weight and service is so friendly. 4th, I like how the compost, recycle and trash waste and all their containers are compost-able.", 4, 0], "OyfOfr8Y2n-H-m_MlPYrTw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "2/11/2013", "This is a long overdue review of catering which Ithaca Bakery handled for my grandfather's 100th birthday celebration last October. We had a great experience with Ithaca Bakery, though there were some rough patches at the start of us working together. Once I got to work with Niki, however, everything improved. She was extremely helpful as I worked to arrange catering for a party in Watkins Glen all the way from Oakland, CA. We had a few issues come up late in our planning, and Niki was really helpful in finding creative ways to make everything work. Our server was excellent and really made the event itself go smoothly.And then there was the food! We had a very simple menu of sandwiches and salads, veggie trays, cookies and cakes, perfect for the everyone from the most basic palettes of the young kids (I won't eat anything but white bread) to the most foodie of our guests. The fresh bakery breads were delicious, and we had to ration cake servings--not because there wasn't enough, but because the cakes were so good we had folks returning for thirds and fourths!I would recommend Ithaca Bakery for anyone in the Ithaca area wanting to cater their next event.", 4, 2], "QJmadG0aKMd5exMxD8f9MA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "10/21/2012", "Food was good. Service was not.I ordered a breakfast egg wrap but the waiter thought I ordered a different sandwich. After explaining the mix up, he refused to bring me the right order. I was not impressed.", 2, 3], "830i11ffciJEYBJ3pUf1rg": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "5/15/2012", "I want to like Ithaca Bakery because it's local and sounds like it would be good, but I've gone here three times now and am always disappointed. The ordering system is strange and slow, and you have to wait in multiple lines before you can pay (and are not treated very kindly along the way)--and then on my most recent visit we spent another 15 minutes waiting for a simple cold sandwich. I do like that they have vegetarian options; but I don't enjoy the coffee.", 2, 3], "p5lb9BwDyge129prVRSCbw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "4/21/2012", "Great food- huge menu selection of sandwiches. Great for vegetarians. Just perfect lunch!!", 5, 1], "AcDB5h_BbIEhF54t_glYug": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "1/31/2012", "This location (at Triphammer Mall in the old Hope's Way space) is so insanely awkward that after two attempts, we do not go here anymore. They have you standing in line to order in one spot (where the line goes into a dead-end and you have to squish past people on a busy day to get out of the dead-end of a line). Then, you stand in line again on the other side of the place to pay for your order. It is absolutely asinine. Who designed this space?The food I ordered (a Long Island bagel with margarine -- pretty simple, right?) arrived burnt to a crisp. That is how the food runner delivered my breakfast and did not seem disturbed by the state of my bagel. So, the person who thoroughly burnt my bagel thought it was OK and went ahead and put margarine on it and sent it out. THEN, the food runner delivered it like that? Two people thought a charred bagel was OK. So, the awful design and ridiculous food is not for me. I'll just pass on IB and go to the Ithaca Coffee Company right around the corner at Triphammer Mall.", 1, 2], "qwrFNYesROEDkT7mGV1-6Q": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/11/2011", "The menu here is insane. Their list of sandwiches is so extensive. In total, my friends and I tried 10 of their sandwiches and none of us were disappointed in the least bit. Note: most of those sandwiches were from their vegan/vegetarian menu. I would have to say my favorite was the Cascadilla Crisp, It is one of the cheaper sandwiches so it's definitely not a filler upper, but it's perfect if you are looking for something refreshing and light. For a heavier, more filling sandwich I would go with the Jonah's Jive. Among our favorites were the Jib's Jaybird, Viva Chelsea, Susie's garden and the Michigan Hollow. In regards to their specialty espresso drinks, I had their Bing Cherry iced drink and their Mocha, but could not tell the difference between the two... They were both good, but not very distinct in flavor. This place serves great quality stuff, but beware that quality has a pretty high price. We ordered a carafe of drip coffee for our whole team and the total price was about $70... It was pretty good and came in a very impressive looking pour spout box on stilts, but oh my gosh...Other than that Service is excellent!", 4, 0], "wC8xhiiOJIRVr9J4ii2I-w": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/21/2011", "I love IB (Ithaca Bakery, for those of you that don't know, Ithacans shorten most titles to initials) they have a great selection of prepared food, baked goods, etc. Most are organic, which seems very important in this sleepy little college town, home of Ithaca College and that Ivy League powerhouse, Cornell. They have an endless list of prepared sandwiches loaded with meats, cheeses, home made hummus, or go the complete opposite, and try something vegan. You can't go wrong. They have the best muligatawny I've ever tasted. Also, when I'm here I alway bring back 5 or 6 loaves of their olive bread. It's a wonderful sour dough loaf stuffed with Kalamata olives and it's only 4.99 a loaf. But it has at least seven dollars worth of olives in each loaf. I love to make sandwiches out of this bread. plus id freezes well. I wish Pittsburgh had an Ithaca bakery!", 4, 0], "jxhQQzDZrUK1tBREaIrVcw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "12/17/2010", "My friend from Kendal and I went to dinner there. She wasn't moving around very well but they were very accomodating. Their food is solid.", 3, 0], "G5yK6huhww_KZxPYUR38lw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "8/24/2010", "Got the Sherwood Forest. Fresh bread, fresh ingredients, juicy portobello mushroom. ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! I love Ithaca Bakery!However, salads are overpriced for the portion they give you. Just come here for the sandwiches!", 5, 0], "bAhK_8HDywLIbheEBFfVgA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/19/2010", "Every time I go to Ithaca Bakery, there is nothing but great service and fantastic food. From day one, I felt welcomed and satisfied by the service and coffee. The food is a little pricy, the quality of their local produce and fresh breads makes it painless to give the extra dollar.", 4, 0], "5gIUa1r8CuAzylu3ztgkzA": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "7/5/2010", "I love this place! The food is awesome and it is really convenient location-wise. With this particular location, though, the set-up it is a little odd. You have to order at one side of the restaurant and then pay at another. It was really confusing at first. However, it is great that they expanded into a larger location. Love it!", 4, 0], "ZSpMc2uJASWp7wqUx1DQYQ": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/19/2010", "Tucked in a uniform looking plaza, the menu is overwhelmingly impressive. From pastries and coffee to soups and sandwiches. It just screams yummy and fresh. The people behind the counter are friendly and welcoming. Got the Viva Chelsea! on multi-grain and a chocolate chip cookie. Both were amazing as well as the environment. Will gladly return next time in the area.", 5, 1], "rxpn-KnmoRR-K0gKWZVv6A": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "3/16/2010", "This new location of Ithaca Bakery is in the spot inhabited by Hope's Way bakery and catering for the last several years. This change of hands has only gone down in the past several months - not sure what happened to Hope or her Way.This place is close to being awesome. They have a great display case of delicious cakes, baked goods, prepared salads, and tasty meals. They have a great menu of soups and sandwiches as well and did a really brisk lunch business while we were there. My lady and I both ordered the soup - i thought the chicken tortellini was well seasoned and hearty; she thought the potato leek was over-peppered and too smooth.The main opportunity for improvement is the ordering process. When you go in the front door, they take orders to the right, then you take your check back through the line, around the case and pay by the coffee station. This is incredibly confusing - we must have heard them explain to at least 5-6 people just in the 10 minutes we were waiting how to place their order - it is not intuitive or set up efficiently at all. On top of that, the beverage case is about 15 feet from the registers and if you want a juice or soda you either have to hold everyone up and walk over or just kind of point and gesture. If they put up some good signs and straightened out the ordering process, Ithaca Bakery would make a great, tasty lunch spot!", 3, 3], "PFHeaKiV9VsXGcvH6vW4Uw": ["Yelp", "Ithaca Bakery", "1/18/2009", "The Sunrise is an excellent morning bagel- Scrambled egg, Avocado, and Red Onion! Yum yum. This place has a huge selection, it'd be pretty hard to come here and not be able to find anything that you like.", 4, 0]}
{"bSsBxqdWI-d44_LLeMtKOw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "2/23/2019", "I'm visiting Cornell for the weekend and it's been 8 years since I last went to Cafe Pacific. By the way, here's a FUN FACT: Cafe Pacific used to be called Eat Dessert First, or EDF for short! I ended up chatting with the owner and she was so nice! I had such a fun time getting to know her better. That being said, that was probably the highlight of my restaurant experience haha. It was a cold day (as is most in Ithaca) so I got the Nabeyaki Udon. But the food was just okay... I give this 3 stars, primarily for the good conversation.", 3, 0], "aiMNPYLCZTl1qO8wpDQDtQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "11/11/2018", "At beginning, the lady will provide the green tea and snacks. Very sweet. The service is very nice, sukiyaki is very good. Fair price. I will come back again.", 5, 0], "IdtvxIS3JnFqwkLj2Do3sg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "11/9/2018", "1000% service! Food was perfect and the service was incredibly kind! The lady that owns the place is the kindest soul in this town, she is so sweet and makes sure you're comfortable.", 5, 0], "Md4iONErAM1pUQrKTI9xuw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "6/21/2018", "The staff here is really friendly and make you feel welcome. It is a nice sit down restaurant. It's a great place to go to regularly if you live in collegetown. I normally get the unagi don here and it is pretty good. They also have good bubble tea. I personally think they have better bubble tea than Panda Tea lounge.", 5, 0], "DusWmgWhcy9GuwXmXZKcFQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/22/2018", "- FoodHonestly not bad. I've heard things (not positive) from people about this place but my experience here wasn't necessarily bad. I got udon here once, which wasn't the best I've had but it wasn't as terrible as those from some other restaurants in college town. - Service The lady at the counter was super nice. She always smiles. - Price Umm, I would say it's reasonable, somewhat, considering that it's in college town where the restaurants overcharge broke college students all the time. - OverallIt wasn't bad - would be the best description I can give. Not good not bad. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone but also say not to go. It's fine.", 3, 1], "ylB46IptsgTw9gjAHVvxzQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "2/11/2018", "My friend got me milk tea boba one time and it tasted like sweet milk no tea flavor at all. I gave them another try so came again and ordered taro boba and the boba was ways overcooked and the flavor of the taro was a bit watered down. Def won't come again for boba. I had to wait 20 minutes for 1 drink while the place wasn't even busy. One thing that threw me off while I was waiting for my drink was the constant use of the microwave for food and dessert. I guess since it's college town they don't care much for quality.", 3, 0], "s_wXkmQyDEpc-C-S9n_F2A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "1/8/2018", "The food is pretty hit-or-miss. I really enjoyed the Pork Katsudon. It was really flavorful and fresh. However, the shoyu ramen was disappointing. The broth had no flavor and it lacked in toppings. I could not even finish it. My friend also had the Katsu Curry and said the curry was a bit thin but good. Bubble tea tasted very diluted and the bubbles were also not very chewy. The service was slow all 3 times I came here but the woman who owns the restaurant is really sweet.", 3, 0], "41rMuYl12w2Mlqnvzrk-DA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "10/22/2017", "Delicious food, but it takes some time to get served. The lady that owns the restaurant couldn't be any nicer and it's worth going just to meet her. Great food and great atmosphere. Only go if you have time to wait though", 5, 0], "x36KhvlqYu3jgB9RkiHRvw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "8/23/2017", "Four stars for the food, but five stars for the service. As a student who lives nearby, I feel welcomed by the staff and love their wide selection of drinks and cuisine.", 5, 0], "12jzHhvCNph2Yw18I382sA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "8/7/2017", "This place is just awful. Don't come here. The lady who works here really has an attitude. It takes forever for them to cook, but that's not why I wrote this review. When I asked them why it took so long (over 20 minutes), she said it took them at least 15 mins to cook. When I corrected her and said that it had been over 15 minutes, she said she didn't think it had been 15 mins and gave us a lecture that they were not a Chinese restaurant.. I was speechless. It was rude and racist.", 1, 0], "6QoaYxoxF2laHSku1BP6KA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/30/2017", "Ordered the Shoyu Ramen: Virtually no broth, and what I received was bland. The pork was not chasu. It was a thin flavorless mystery meat. I received an egg which was not molten. I also got the Buta Kimchee. The sauce was good, but the pork was like leather.", 2, 0], "L42CDVKShEDu0yaRnkugNw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/20/2017", "The service takes a while but the dishes are quite well-made. Also the woman who works there is very kind, she always gives me something on the house (bubble tea, deserts etc.) and the food there is cheap compared to other places in collegetown.", 5, 0], "ZP9xDk804Ao4MuzFTNbQuA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/4/2017", "Warning: Do Not come to this restaurant.  If I can give them negative star I would definitely do it. My wife, my son, and I went to this Cafe Pacific on 7/4/17 and I ordered a Oyakodon (steam egg and chicken on rice). We waited over 35 minutes for our food to arrive (there was only one other customer there the whole time we were in the restaurant and he was already eating his food when we placed our order). Their service is very slow. As I start eating my Oyakodon and finished about 1/4 of the bowl, I saw something moving inside my bowl so I looked closer to see what that is. OMG, I saw a FLY sticked inside my bowl and it's still half ALIVE. I felt so disgusted and wanted to throw up right away. So I brought the bowl to show it to the lady who worked there and showed her that there is a fly inside my bowl. She looked at it and then took it to show it to the chef inside the kitchen. When she returned she told me it was not their fault, and refused to replace it by another bowl of rice. I was so shocked that she would just tell me it's not their fault and didn't even apologize to me. She even yelled at us and asked why we would complain about it? Yes, she asked me why we would complain about this? I believed what she meant was 'this is just normal, what's the big deal?'I have never seen a restaurant this dirty and the server this bad attitude. If I feel sick or stomachache tonight, I would definitely call the health department to report this to them. Lastly, she still charged me full amount of our 3 orders, and I just paid and left. Speechless!! Shame on them!!!", 1, 2], "jM8iQK9OLniGzI0j7ApGqQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "5/23/2017", "I stopped by here with my dad after spending all day moving in. We were so happy to find a place that would still serve us veggies after 10pm! The interior is cozy and papaya-colored, and the windows are good for people watching. The lady who helped us order and brought us our food was very patient and kind. The food was delicious and healthy-- I had the agedofu and the tofu salad, my dad had chicken katsu. The boba in their slushes is really nice and soft, too. I want to come back here, it's a lovely place to be in the evening.", 5, 1], "g6lbymYkzAK0bxm8AIOq1g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/13/2017", "The food and bubble tea are pretty good. I recommend the vegetarian curry rice, the milk bubble tea, and any of the desserts. However, the best part of this cafe is the owner, who is the sweetest and kindest woman in Collegetown. She goes out of her way to make things right, and she was just as nice when she ran Dasan-J (now closed).", 5, 2], "fuZrAFyRgPiZJ_MCX0Wyig": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "2/26/2017", "As has been said previously, a hidden gem in collegetown! Delicious unagi don, and the woman who was working there whenever I have gone (not sure if she was the owner or not) was extremely kind. Interesting variety of deserts and snacks by the counter and a charming atmosphere. Comfort food for cold Ithaca winters.", 5, 1], "0LMfcWeSRtUNjJOd0K6lQQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "2/19/2017", "Hidden gem in ctown for inexpensive but large portions - I usually go for the yakinikudon. The owner is also so friendly and sweet.", 5, 1], "vCzh_ukklgZjK3sfv0ZIRA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "9/19/2016", "waited over one hour last night when i was told only 20 min wait... and the Sukiyaki came with a bowl of rice instead of noodles.. huh??", 1, 0], "K5hdpLDl6YMncgl11TDaAA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "6/10/2016", "Amazing bubble tea and chicken YakiUdon. This was on our frequent list for eating. The owner is extremely nice and the atmosphere is just cute. Will never forget the great memories that you form here with your friends over Boba!", 4, 0], "xSGoDRzx75tWB33oDpMPVg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/14/2016", "Great food and very friendly staff. I was looking for a quick, inexpensive and satisfying meal, which this place certainly delivered! My meal even came with free shrimp chips, tea and a dessert! What's not to love?", 5, 0], "3W6I7LNAKSaoYUAEAPOWIQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "2/24/2016", "Love this place, definitely the most underrated restaurant in college town. Very competitive prices for the area and service and atmosphere are both 10/10. The food itself is 8/10 but way better than the Korean and Chinese restaurants and tastes pretty healthy. Also they gave me free cake with my oyaku don :)", 5, 0], "Kgo3JD54a29rdw-mt0Wgcw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "10/20/2015", "Japanese gem in Ithaca located in Collegetown, right by Cornell campus. The owner, Hoshino, is very nice. I mainly wrote this review to let people know that Fumi is not the owner! Not sure why everyone likes her so much..she was not nice to me because I worked there and was not Japanese. She no longer works there but employees are usually Asians (girls) who go to Cornell University or Ithaca College.Since I worked here, I tried everything on their menu. Love Cafe Pacific for their desserts (mochi, cheesecakes, molten lava cake), Purity ice cream (green tea, black raspberry) and affordable Japanese food. My go-to's for entrees are the Sansai soba, yakisoba, sukiyaki when it's cold out, and tofu salad when I want something light. If you go to Cornell, Cafe Pacific is in the middle of all the restaurants/apartments/houses so take your time trying everything on the menu and make sure to get a punch card.", 5, 2], "lJWsWHV4w5u1GmbwFsDl5w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "9/11/2015", "About once a week I come here to get bubble tea (my after-work reward lol) and their bubble tea is great! They have a lot of different flavors you can choose from (my faves are the green tea or the red bean ones). Also, the lady behind the counter (I think she's one of the owners) is the nicest person ever!!! She genuinely cares for her customers and one time she gave me 2 extra punches on my bubble tea punch card just for waiting a few more minutes than usual! I haven't tried any of their food yet (although I plan to), but I always have an amazing experience there!", 5, 0], "LnaL39bBjIc4jRfdWcIUbg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "8/30/2015", "If I had to choose 1 corner store for the rest of my life, this would be it. This place is so cute, and has all the delicious Japanese treats from my childhood. They also have a pretty substantial food selection for lunch or dinner, cooked fresh to order. The dining space is a little ragged and stuffy (temperature-wise), but it adds to the overall personality. The owner and chef is super friendly, chatty, and customizes orders to your liking. Authentic eats (to the best of my knowledge and experience) hot off the grill, and great price points. You can easily walk away with two meals, a few sides, and mochi dessert for under $25. A definite must-return again and again if I'm back in Ithaca.", 4, 10], "3IOvdxFOZ89h8QypGDJCxA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/30/2015", "Their chicken and spinach soba was pretty much tasteless and the chicken was too tough. I got their vanilla malt shake too which was so-so, BUT the owner is SUCH. A. NICE. LADY. We talked for quite some time and she was really friendly and genuinely interested in her customers. I was debating between the vanilla malt or green tea shake and decided on the vanilla malt, but after I was done eating she brought me a scoop of green tea ice cream which I thought was really sweet of her. I had never tipped any restaurant more than 20% before, but I gave about 40% this time just because she really made me feel like home. Would've given this 2 stars if it was just for the food but the service bumped it to 3.", 3, 0], "sjXyCSg35AP3Jt0OakLcKg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/24/2015", "Great place for a casual dinner. Very sweet lady brought our food to us after we ordered at the counter. Very yummy curry and udon. I loved going to this place with friends.", 4, 0], "BvoArBqt3jRTl9LA9AfXLw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "5/6/2015", "So, set the scene. It was about 4 degrees outside, 4 or 5 inches of snow on the ground and continuing to snow. A friend of mine and I take a break from a project and walk down for soup. I'm not lying when I say their udon and soba got me through some of the worst winter days up here, and I've enjoyed their food for years. We order and sit down to wait for the food to come. The woman manning the counter (I think she might be one of the owners) comes over and offers us hot tea and seaweed snacks, both of which we didn't ask for. The food came out and it was as delicious as ever (especially after the snow and cold outside). As we get up to leave, counter woman stops us, offers us dessert, and thanks us for coming by in spite of the snow. That's just the sort of place Cafe Pacific is. It may not look like much, but it is delicious authentic Japanese comfort food, staffed by people who really care about the restaurant and their customers. I wouldn't expect the treatment I received (this was certainly an aberration, and a pleasant surprise), but certainly expect to be pleasantly surprised.", 5, 4], "GFcqggu0P1fcyv4H-acEew": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "5/2/2015", "The desserts here are delicious. I love the molten chocolate cake with green tea ice cream. Lots of Asian snacks and drinks too. Service is always excellent and very personal.", 5, 2], "iwwXsRsJoIJGrmCPkyPr8g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/27/2015", "Very subpar boba compared to Kung Fu and the Old Teahouse. Odd space, feels like the ceiling is on the verge of collapsing.", 2, 0], "jXPhLSMw8Lp3cIQcYZv85w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "12/14/2014", "The place is very affordable, and the service is excellent :) they did raise the prices of food in the past year or so, but still cheaper than most other restaurants in collegetown. The desserts are also largely good here.", 4, 1], "fEZoXy0kKnBEzVmU-UMOZA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "9/20/2014", "There's really a dearth of Japanese food in Ithaca, but thankfully Cafe Pacific holds its own.Cafe Pacific is a sort of random little Japanese cafe in Collegetown that doesn't appear to get much foot traffic. It's definitely on the older side - the computer in there looks ancient - but the place is clean and generally neat. It's packed to the gills with authentic Japanese candy and food, which is awesome.The bubble tea here isn't the best in Ithaca, but it's pretty darn good.", 3, 0], "6Ccf8C5can4qqnSHIDOOmg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "9/16/2014", "This tiny Japanese cafe is great for a great tasty bite of Japanese food. The service is great and the owner and cook is very friendly and personable.", 4, 3], "WziU1GQj_hovGwhIO2r_RA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "8/5/2014", "I've only been here for their a amazing bubble tea, but the customer service is impeccable. The owner is extremely nice, and the atmosphere is cute. I had a great experience overall.", 5, 2], "ahDuUmFKSQuKnNWRH3EcEA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/13/2014", "I'm not sure whether some of these other reviewers have experienced authentic Japanese comfort food, but this is by far the best Japanese restaurant in a college town otherwise starved of decent Japanese food. Hoshino-san, the owner, is a friendly and great guy. He knew me by name, and would even often come to my group's concerts. If I came back late from campus, I could rely on this place being open until midnight - sometimes they would even keep the kitchen open for me. My club also often did team dinners here, and they were very accommodating, even offering us free desserts on occasion.My favorite item here by far is the yakinikudon (similar to gyuudon but with sukiyaki-style meat), especially when you ask for it extra spicy. The curry is more on the watery side, so I'm not a huge fan (I like it nice and thick), but has a great flavor. The tonkatsu and unagidon are other great items to try. The zaru soba is also standout here - refreshing for a hot day if you stay in Ithaca over summer. I found the ramen options to be so-so; great if you're craving ramen since you have no other option in Collegetown, but definitely not comparable to the better places in New York, let alone Japan.Desserts and drinks here are also good; their molten chocolate cake and coffee shake were staples of my diet (to my detriment) while I was in college. I wouldn't recommend the bubble tea; go down the street to the Old Teahouse for that.Again, if you're looking for the typical American Japanese sushi-teriyaki experience, don't come here; you have Plum Tree or Miyake for that. If you want authentic home-style Japanese comfort foods, this is the place to go. All in all, my favorite restaurant in Ctown, and I always make sure to stop by every time I visit!", 5, 6], "LIgkIToe5QXOdeME3khStQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "5/10/2014", "The sukiyaki and nabeyaki udon are pretty good, and so are the molten chocolate and lava chocolate cakes.The best part about Cafe Pacific is the people who work there! Fumi-san is always very cheerful and nice to the customers, and brings hot tea to the tables!Don't forget to get a punchcard for free food!!", 4, 0], "ysgAlJcgA0jU0Yd3rN9lFQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/7/2014", "not a fancy ambiencebut a good place to enjoy the katsudon and seafood nabe (esp broth is flavorable)", 3, 0], "Kn9Wx00Pcdm3xgZ9yhqt-Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "10/5/2013", "My rating is kind of a net total of a rating for the different things offered. Here's the breakdown...The food (2): I have some friends who are really into it, but I just never found the food all that great. Maybe it's because I'm a vegetarian, but there aren't many options and it tends to be a bit overpriced for small portions of very simple food. The desserts (5): I LOVE the deserts here! Such a great selection and always really great. The lava cake is particularly good!The bubble tea (3): Not bad, but not all that good. Why get it here if Tea House is right around the corner?Also the service is always great - the owners are super nice and so are their employees!", 3, 0], "bqrEXVBsBrAnTTFnAOSXdw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "9/9/2013", "Four stars for service and food, but taking off a star because of the milk tea quality.The milk tea is basically the same as what you can get at The Old Teahouse. It's marginally more expensive here. They'll make your drink a bit faster here though. But diluted, $4.00, slowly made drinks don't do too well in my book.As for the food, I got sukiyaki for lunch today. Flavorful broth, plenty of meat, and a good amount of vegetables and tofu, but it definitely needed more noodles. The guy working here brought my order out pretty quickly, and seemed to do so for the other tables as well. He also was pretty nice and patient with me when I was trying to figure out what to order. The place has lots of options for simpler Japanese foods, the kind of stuff I usually see on \"starving student\" menus back home.It's worth coming back to, but I think I'll go for a cheaper entree next time.", 3, 1], "VDtLPRxqqQN2nKxdbBVlMg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "6/2/2013", "Good Japanese food doesn't exist in Ithaca, so perhaps this one is the best by default. I like the Japanese noodle soup items. The broth is always flavorful, and while the noodles don't seem homemade, they're good enough. I also have enjoyed their eel rice bowl. Basically the flavors are just as good as the other underwhelming Japanese places but at least you won't pay an arm and a leg for it here.As for the deserts, avoid the boba drinks at all costs; go down the block to the old teahouse because this place has awful tapioca.", 3, 0], "U1mFUYqfKqWt2n2V1Twj5g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/6/2013", "One of the better, more reasonably priced places to go in C-town. Lava cake is a must try. Nice little treat after a prelim. As for entrees, my fave here is the unagi don.", 4, 0], "UKhjMu-dXZ95W18bqMda4w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "1/8/2013", "Ok, lets get something straight, I am reviewing the cafe pacific restaurant menu. If that is the case, then the yelp price estimate of 1 $ sign is incorrect, it should be 2. The food here is about $13-16 which is only about $5 cheaper than Hai Hong, which is actual food at an acceptable restaurant setting. Cafe pacific charges 13-16 for food (specifically meat) that tastes like old reptile skin, texture and all. The veges do not taste fresh at all either. Do yourself a favor and fork up $5 additional dollars and treat yourself to Hai Hong.", 2, 5], "qBROw79VTxSbp8ol5BfBZw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "12/9/2012", "for a small pile of plain soba noodles with a sidecar of saltwater and the teeniest dib (it definitely wasn't a dab) of wasabi, if you broke up a toothpick and put it in a little pile, it would occupy the same amount of space as this hint of wasabi did--I paid a lot.this noodle dish was incredibly expensive for a side, it was ~$8.75! I'll certainly never order that again, I may not even go back.AND for the first 15 minutes or so I was there, one of the staff members was yelling on his cell phone with his mom (i think someone said that) in Korean, I didn't know it was appropriate for staff member just to lounge around in the customer area as if they were not disturbing anyone else.", 1, 0], "C5oZtglnIkfvROVWz1JMLA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/19/2012", "You can find pretty much every member of the Cornell Asian population at Cafe Pacific at one time or another. It is a huge hotspot to hang out since it's so casual and offers many desserts, Asian snacks, and a small menu of Japanese entrees.The desserts are clearly brought in from somewhere else, but it's the best you'll find in Collegetown if you can overlook the fact that they actually microwave it right in front of you. I really like the turtle cheesecake, lava cake with ice cream, apple crisp with ice cream, and they once had tartufo. Yum! Each of the desserts are about $5. You can either take out or dine in.Their entrees range in quality. I used to be obsessed with their oyakodon, but I ended up eating it too many times and got sick of it. I like the flavor of the yakiudon with vegetables and chicken, but the chicken is so dry that it tastes like sawdust. The miso ramen is also not very good and is on par with instant noodles that you can make in your dorm.The old Japanese couple that owns and runs this place is very sweet. They're always smiling and striking up conversations with customers. The physical space could use some touching up. The seats are beaten up, and for as long as I can remember, they have a piece of green-blue cloth/mural that is lopsided because one of the tacks fell. I think Cafe Pacific would have huge potential to pull in more business if they worked on their image and used fresher ingredients for their entrees. The only thing they really have going for them are their desserts ... that they don't even make.", 3, 1], "sk0A-cPmXH2KeH2hcUwFBQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "1/9/2012", "Their bubble tea (contrary to popular belief) is actually not that bad! I liked the white chocolate, taro, and black milk tea flavors. I ordered them hot since it's winter and they were great. I think they're also a bit cheaper than the Old Teahouse, but of course the Old Teahouse is more authentic.In terms of desserts, I've heard nothing but good things, especially about the lava cake that comes with a scoop of ice cream! I've had the green tea mochi which is also good. Nice place to pick up authentic (but overpriced) asian snacks.Last time I went I also ordered the miso ramen which unfortunately was more salty than miso-flavored. Also, there weren't many things (fish cakes/vegetables) added to it, so although it was a large bowl it was disappointing.Definitely come here for snacks/desserts though :)", 4, 2], "cBlBzLOJEzYfZ9xdU5Pdyg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "7/13/2011", "I like the food in general. They're pretty good and reasonably priced. Most dishes are under 10 dollars, and if you have a coupon book you get the 10th meal free. Same goes to drinks.The deserts are pretty good too. I usually have milkshakes or cakes. I heard that the bubble tea is not really good, but I never tried it there so I can't really say anything.The people are really nice and are always smiling :)", 4, 0], "Q2ZLdDtGd2JmTEboyPwiGA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "6/7/2011", "You won't find the fanciest food here, nor the greatest portions, but it is cheap enough for Collegetown and tasty. The staff is very nice also.", 4, 2], "niS7vY5m3wHuLBDMZrbOYQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/14/2011", "I come here with boyfriend every week because I love it here! Food is great and inexpensive (most things I order are ~$8 initially, and become $10 after asking for extra : ). My favorite dish is Kasiwa soba as the soup is simply delicious! Sansai soba is equally delicious :) Zaru soba is also great! If you like Udon try their Udon noodle soup or Nabeyaki udon, both are delicious... If you prefer rice dishes, their Katudon and Unagi Don are really good.Sorry for not being informative at all.... but everything I tried has simply been great. Out of the maybe ~50times I visited... I recall once that my Katudon was a bit salty, the rest of the times has been great.Boyfriend is Japanese and his favorite dishes are Kasiwa soba and Katudon. He also loves it here. When we get our free meal we spend it on Spicy Seafood Nabe~ which is delicious ;D I have also heard that desserts are great. I had warm brownie with ice cream and Tiramisu, both were great. Red bean ice cream is the best :D I don't eat desserts here often because I have always been so full after dinner...Cafe Pa lady (sorry that I don't know her name) is so nice and she always tries to speak Japanese to me even when I fail all so desperately! They are always playing some Japanese, Korean, or Chinese songs which are nice. It's a great place for dates and running into friends.I have heard a lot about Miyaki as well but when I want Japanese food I want to go to Cafe Pa. It has been such a special place filled with memories. I never want to forget and I only wish that there is a place like Cafe Pa around wherever I'm going to be in the future :)", 5, 10], "6ju64i-XX5fmqVDfDXkCzg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "1/1/2011", "The place looks shabby from outside, but the food is great.You don't have to pay a tip. Recommendations: Unagi Don (Eel over rice served in bento box), and Agemono (Pork or Chicken cutlet served with rice and salad). Miso soup costs extra dollar, but the overall price is reasonable. For dinner, I would recommend Sukiyaki. Both seafood and beef sukiyakis are great.", 4, 0], "PSkta8dLS_lWCZ9LJoGyeQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "12/21/2010", "A place for food, not ambience. Decent solid japanese grub. Lowest price in area reflected in the rather bare bones decor-", 3, 0], "LXPXCAfNrVAEqNyOZgtdMQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "11/17/2010", "I would say this place is good for desserts, like every single other person has already stated. The lava cake is a go, so are the mochi balls. MMMMM. The food... it's okay, a little too salty, a little too overpriced (but what isn't in collegetown), and not really authentic Japanese food. My curry was a little runny and watery... it was kind of gross. I would say stick to the noodle and rice dishes. Unless you would like to eat stuff that looked like my bowel waste last week after too much Indian food.", 3, 6], "FMkI0GTNhoLuXfz_MVNqig": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "10/8/2010", "Not fine dining by any means, but still worth the stars for delivering the goods. I'm amazed at the variety of..stuff!...one can get here.And even though I've been in and out of town for the past 7 years, Fumi recognizes me and asks what I've been up to! Love her.There are sort of different eras in my experience with Cafe Pacific--*the era in which i got a fresh fruit smoothie here every day on the walk home from work*the era in which the boy i was dating drove me here a couple of times a week for green tea mochi ice cream*the era in which I actually got sushi and katsu curry here for a sit down meal every once in a whileand most recently.*the era in which i stopped in for a slice of some kind of quadruple chocolate mousse cake or chocolate peanut butter blast cake to-go as often as practical.They also have interesting asian candies and prepackaged goods and bubble teas, but the bubble tea there is a skip--it's kind of chalky", 4, 3], "D2Iq_12vCG-xAatCZMBDcg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/23/2010", "I've really grown to love this staple and its authentically, Japanese street-vendor food here in Collegetown, Ithaca. Whether you are in the mood for bubble tea, a decent bowl of ramen, or desserts that hit all the right buttons, Cafe Pacific have all your hunger-driven desires covered. Seriously, I can't emphasize enough how many times the tiramisu here has saved me from moments of insanity when the semesters are getting rough. Not to mention the fact that they have azuki bean and green tea ice cream, in a bowl or waffle cone, at ridiculously cheap prices!The staff members are generally very warm and friendly. This is especially true for Fumi-san, who adores the way I dress :PSo why 5 stars? Cafe Pacific's menu is ever expanding and has a great selection of desserts ranging from molten chocolate cake to tiramisu. The entrees are probably the most authentically Japanese in Collegetown, Ithaca, compared to Plum Tree and Miyake's. There is also something quite unique about the atmosphere, too. Like what other reviewers picked up on, it's hole-in-the-wall but with a touch of heart and comfort.", 5, 10], "xVhlB9-75Ago-0RNkXweVA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/20/2010", "If you're hankering for a noodle bowl, this is your place. The udon noodle soup with dumplings is just the tonic for a dreary Ithaca night of bombed physics prelims and soggy shoes. Nothing special, possibly considered laughable by Japanese international students, but often times just what I need. People who work here are unbelievably nice too! See if you can draw them into a discussion of Japanese ramen culture!", 4, 3], "CVe6xotMQJGuRETE1sq5Jg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/5/2010", "Good ramen is hard to find. Good ramen outside of a major city in the USA -- damn near impossible, but Cafe Pacific did it. Tasty tonkatsu curry. You must also check out the desserts, which are some of the best in Collegetown (the best in C-town, period?).", 5, 6], "h1vU3sqxm4klZNH-7BXccw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "4/10/2009", "Their sweets are sinfully decadent, their entrees not so much. Either way, good place to go to blow some steam without the overcrowded nature of some other places, with some decent food while at it.", 3, 0], "I422vzfM_JANOsvoia516Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "3/18/2009", "Cafe Pacific is sometimes just the place I want to go for lunch. I tend to go there on cloudy or rainy days when I want to sit with a giant steaming bowl of noodles and hunch over my laptop for a while. There are at least a couple of tables near outlets and the cafe picks up the Lightlink wireless that's available for $1 a day. Finish it off with the peppy Japanese pop music that's always playing, and I'm quite content to slurp down my soup.", 3, 2], "_Ile8PsMEiGWKmHaEsYczA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Pacific", "5/6/2008", "Cafe Pacific just is. A not quite hole in the wall Japanese cafe with dessert bar. This is the place to go to take the edge off the Japanese food craving. The entrees are a little salty and the dining area could look a little cleaner, but for a hole in the wall-esque experience it's worth it. The mochi ice cream looked a little old in the freezer though, not sure what their turnover is on some of the product... so be careful!", 4, 2]}
{"5cP3ucTsxkou1pd-b0JIXg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "2/6/2019", "Given that this is the only Chipotle in town, this is THE ONLY reason why this place is still in business. Lousy service. SLOWER THAN A SLOTH!", 2, 0], "o4XFIZR1_UdvTvRemRhMcA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "1/27/2019", "I've tried my best to deal with this chipotle but every time I'm there it's a game of what are they out of. Whether it be rice, ice, FORKS, napkins, beans, or the soda machine out of order it's always something with this place. If they have guacamole you're in for a treat because they have it like once a week. Trying to get the dressing is like playing the lotto. If they have it you should literally go out and buy lotto tickets. Even better than the constant game of what are they out of this hour, is the wait. I have no clue why I wait an average of 30 min for the worst chipotle on earth. As others have said, if there is no line it's either 10 am or they are out of everything. One time I waited at the front for 20 min while they cleaned a wall. I understand needing to do maintenance but it seemed a bit extreme. Anyways I'll probably be back tomorrow for my favorite game--what's chipotle out of today. Ps today it was napkins", 1, 0], "BVeueJSFeoATkuQ3UFxGgw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/23/2018", "Parking in this small lot sucks, there is constantly traffic. The line here is insanely long, ALL THE TIME when school is in session. You can wait up to 45 minute here easily, seriously for a burrito? For many occasions I end up next door at corelife because I just could not wait any longer nor does it even make sense. This chipotle has outdoor seating, but probably you can't sit oustide except for a few months out of the year, because it'd be too cold. I've had white rice here where the rice is not fully cooked. This is the closest chipotle to where I live within 45 minutes, and so sad it is such a disappointment.", 2, 3], "dM8j3EtkgBvJenCpIYA4Dw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/30/2018", "The worst Chipotle in the history of Chipotles! If there isn't a line that takes over 30 minutes to get food, then they are completely out of everything! Do not even waste your time or money to get food here if you are a college student because it's isn't worth it when Corelife is right next door!", 1, 0], "VgSciwOqQbIprxalm702aw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/15/2018", "Absolute garbage. Putting aside the fact that if you come here during anything other than complete off hours, you'll wait in line for 30 minutes, this place is STILL the worst restaurant I've ever been to. Beans and rice are undercooked, portions are nowhere near any other chipotle, and service is a disaster. Order online pickup? They'll start making it when you get there, rendering online ordering moot. Ordered fajitas on your burrito? They \"don't have any.\" Which just means they have peppers and onions but for some reason neglected to cook them in time to serve them during the 10 hours the place is open. Want a fork to eat with? Eh they might not have one of those either. Just a complete and utter disaster, and has been for years from the looks of its reviews. Never going back.", 1, 0], "D1bNfa6-9CpVVVDHjH-14g": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/29/2018", "Worst Chipotle I have been to, and I've been to chipotle restaurants in 5 states. Unorganized operation and messy facility with un-cleaned tables. Poor process management and understaffed. If online orders slow the restaurant and there's a line out the door, MAYBE they should not be allowed at certain times. Higher ups need to reassess this restaurant to help workers have a flowing restaurant instead of a 50 person line with 5 bulk orders.", 1, 0], "piS-kEgSfdH9dSo0PWBm-A": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/29/2018", "This is one of the most poorly managed chipotle restaurants I've visited. I timed how long it took to get someone's order in and completed at 7:30 on a Saturday. They took his order at 7:36 and he finished paying at 7:46. There were over 30 people waiting in line, myself being number 24 or so.Absolutely ridiculous!They took in multiple bulk orders during this time which held up the line for an unnecessary 20 extra minutes. No one has all night to wait for this food, and a couple managerial changes would have prevented this.Do NOT take massive bulk orders when over 30 people are waiting. You don't even need a GED to understand basic process management.", 1, 0], "DaCQQ3xHl7ad0QWHUbAqvg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/5/2018", "17 dollars 2 burritos. I paid that much and they ran out of meat for my gfs burrito and not even a discount.", 1, 0], "9ICDoKW_ek_JyDRRt8d8lg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "7/12/2018", "See, I LOVE Chipotle. the recipe and the flow is so standard. What is there to get wrong?!?The first time I came here, I paid for guac and asked they put it \"on top\" of my salad. I go into my purse to find my wallet. they are trying to figure out whose order is who's and asked if I had the side of guac (in a cup). I say no. Drive back to the house we were renting to see that there was no guac. so I had to go back and get it. They looked at me like \"you said it wasn't yours\" I say \"I also did not say \"on the side\"\".The second time my friend and I came here, the transaction seemed to go well. then we get in the car and my friend notices that the chips were sort of stale. we go back in and she tells the young girl up front this. She goes \"they were just made\" and my friend says \"but they taste a little stale\". My friend was very polite in how she said it, but baby girl at the register was somehow offended? Because she snatches the bag from my friends hand and tosses it on the floor behind her and proceeds to take the next order and ignore my friend. We were stunned. My friend proceeds to tell the girl that we were not here to argue, but that was very rude. The girl seemed to be having a rough day (her eyes were watering), but that is not an excuse/Someone more responsible saved the day, and brought us fresh chips. we were still stunned (and my jaw was still on the floor), but we took them and left. So yeah, never again.", 1, 1], "2z8dHgBaxWwwhHl3QUg9KQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "6/29/2018", "This is the most poorly managed Chipotle I've ever been to. On several occasions, I've had to wait in line for over 45 minute. And multiple times I've come and the ingredients have run out. Each time I'm waiting 20 min for them to make more rice or beans. This stuff should be figured out so that the customer experience isn't horrible!", 2, 0], "6MD30ghxvNN2a1mZwjQ6aA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "5/7/2018", "This place still sucks. I was absolutely starving and wasn't in the mood for a burger or salad so I chose to visit this Chipotle again as a last resort. Big mistake.1. Entered at 6:25 pm didn't leave until 7:40 pm2. When I got to the front of the line there was no white rice. I was told it would take 5 minutes so I waited. After about 15 they finally brought some out. 3. There were no black beans or peppers and onions available either.4. The \"manager\" came out and apologized to me. They gave me what I thought was a Free food voucher but upon further inspection, it was a BOGO coupon. Why TF would I want a BOGO coupon when ya'll barely had enough ingredients for my first order? I did not want or a need a second order.5. Fortunately, they comped my entire meal but yet again, I will not be returning to this Chipotle. I will use my BOGO coupons at another location.", 1, 1], "cJFslc4ctqzvZ3ueo_UFEQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "3/10/2018", "I have no use for this place.Corporate greed has driven this chain downhill.After all the sickness reported and abuse of employees nationally I can't believe anyone in their right mind would eat here..How many times can you have the same old thing and not be bored with it. The dark and dingy prison like eating area is played out as well.Just in the area, Panera, Core Life and Moe's are much better and you don't have to worry about about food poisoning or shortages of key ingredient's.I used to be a fan but I can not support such an irresponsible company with boring overpriced food.....", 1, 2], "zyyu6fXrW3HJAHy_R82Hhg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "2/25/2018", "I have been going to this location once a week for years now! The food is reliably tasty. I like how it feels in my body afterwards. I really like that Chipotle makes the effort and produces fresh, clean food that is free from additives etc, and is also reasonably priced.My go-to order : veggie bowl with both rices, both beans, mild + medium sauce, cheese, cream, lettuce. Guac on the side. :)", 5, 0], "e_i32FkifOwF2h_kq7KBqg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "2/24/2018", "The line is unacceptably long. We waited in line for 30 minutes because the burrito folder was tenderly stretching out the tortilla each time. On top of that, they ran out of steak as i ordered it, but the server gave me the remaining, dry steak even though i said i would wait for the fresh steak (and it wasn't even enough for a full serving). I'm truly disappointed. Do better.", 1, 2], "jUmB21CjEW-rM8kpJsl17A": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/30/2017", "Food: The food is really good! They have burritos, bowls, tacos, and a couple other options. Lots of options of what to put on your burrito. Good for vegetarians and vegans! The problem is. . . A couple of times I have been in here and they have been out of RICE! WHAT?! Anyway, when you are able to get everything on your burrito that you want, food is good!Cost: The general cost is reasonable but they charge you $2.05 to put guacamole on your meal!Service: sometime the people who work here are nice to you and other times they are just plain rude. Atmosphere: the line can sometimes be REALLY LONG and normal sized at other times. A lot of the tables are dirty and when the line is long it can be loud.I'm tempted to give a 4 Star because the food is so good but all the other aspects of this place are lacking. Maybe if you ordered takeout it would be better", 3, 0], "JNQfiVLlTRzF5vIDUjRsDQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/10/2017", "What can you say about Chipotle? You either hate the chain or you love it. This Ithaca location keeps up Chipotle's trademark food standards (even after the whole E. coli scare) but seriously lacks in service.The lines are still obscene during weekends and there doesn't seem to be any method in place to ameliorate this. Also the prices seem a tad over priced for the Tompkins County area. They probably rationalize this due to town being half populated by students.Great place during off hours, not if you're starving.", 3, 0], "4TZtea17JKn1nlatWAW9DA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "5/18/2017", "I had about half of my bowl filled in line and they disregarded to fill the entire layout of the bowl, so there was a crater (empty pit) on one side of my bowl, due to the lack of food put in it. In other words, Chipotle is a straight up L.", 1, 1], "owlNTzuOJE6RgBV1__7ZNQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "1/2/2017", "Love Chipotle! Only problem is the line. But I understand because the food is always delicious. It's a must for me whenever I go to Ithaca.", 5, 1], "4t_XgMSdRFDluNE2IAJ3Hw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/19/2016", "Wildly inefficient, as well as inconsiderate to the customers. After patiently waiting in a line which you can always expect to be long (which is fine), I would hope to be treated with an ounce of personal attention when finally getting to the front. A hectic and flustered staff managed to make us feel awkward and confused and failed to give us what we wanted. One worker tried to ask me if I wanted the same items as the stranger in line ahead of me, and then asked the man behind my boyfriend if he wanted the same thing as him, weirdly pairing us off with separate people we didn't know, confusing everyone, and not even listening to us when we tried to ask for what we wanted as individuals. My boyfriend got no vegetables at all, and I got a heaping mound of spicy salsa when I asked for only a small amount. She seemed annoyed and frustrated with everyone in line and in her attempt to be more efficient just screwed everything up. I ended up eating my meal in anger rather than enjoying the food.", 1, 3], "iE7MGjCC6mP8kL1W4mHRJA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/24/2016", "best mexican food in Ithaca!! lines are usually long but that's a given since it's chipotle...other than that it's just a regular chipotle..good quality food.", 5, 0], "dFYiIF2jHh-sQrxY14o5xw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "8/31/2016", "Slowest chipotle I've been to. Actually slower than most fast casual, fast food restaurant. I don't think they understand the \"fast\" part of this business as there's a line of about 20 people with just 2 workers making the food....while 4 others are floating around. They definitely get the \"casual\" part though.", 2, 2], "7QYjETwsc85i0AOxTnzeSA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "7/1/2016", "THEY DID IT AGAIN.You wait in a very long line for nearly 20 minutes, and when you get to the counter to order -- say, a salad -- they inform you that they are out of lettuce. Why didn't they post a notice on the door to let all the people in line know this?And how is this even possible when there are a several supermarkets literally a couple minutes away?!The plus side is the manager knew we were unhappy, and she credited us two entrees, but still ...-- ORIGINAL REVIEW --For the most part, this Chipotle is like any other, and although I've been a fan of the chain for a decade-plus, the corporate policies are really beginning to annoy me. Primarily for this reason, I am reviewing this with a single star.First, the problems with this location:You can almost bet there will be a line to the door, and your wait could be as much as 20 minutes before you even get to the counter.The ambiance is loud, and the tables and floors are often dirty. The counter service is mostly adequate, but sometimes indifferent or rude.The place is often overrun with college students, which accounts for some of the above problems.The food is standard Chipotle, but they often have OUTAGES, which brings me to my primary gripe:Dear Chipotle, if you are out of rice (both white & brown at the same time) and you put a sign on the door saying so, and there are 2 DIFFERENT SUPERMARKETS less than one-tenth of a mile away, not only do you look like idiots, but you are telling the public counter-productively that your customers don't matter, and that you don't mind putting your employees in uncomfortable and embarrassing positions.I say counter-productive, because I'm sure the supposed reason for not sending an employee real quick to go buy rice, is that you're protecting the standardization of your customers' experience. But like the woman in line next to me said, \"Because Chipotle rice is so much better than any other rice.\"Fix your outage policies, and consider supporting the local economy once in awhile when you run out of your corporate-standard shipped-in supplies.Or continue to look like jerks.Next time our family is going to Moe's.", 1, 2], "4mCotMDpnNs6tEKkLI6mhA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "4/10/2016", "I come here pretty much every week. I look forward to it after dealing with Cornell classes. It's a Chipotle - so if you like Chipotle in general, you'll like it here too. The ingredients generally taste very fresh, and the food safety outbreaks that affected the chain recently don't concern me too much. I know that they are constantly working to make sure that the food is safe to eat while still maintaining freshness.I will say, though, that this location seems quite understaffed at times, especially when there's a u-shaped line practically going up to the register. They simply need more people on the assembly line behind the ingredients.Also, they need to be cleaning more often, as other reviewers mentioned. It's not appetizing to see food scraps on tables (and even chairs) before you sit down to eat. And it's not fun to clean it off yourself.But yeah, there's a reason I come back weekly. And it's because the food is so damn good. I think that's really what matters in the end.", 4, 1], "-EwUxjGzKrFUIndhI9-ULw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "1/26/2016", "NOTE: This review is not an assessment of the quality of food at Ithaca's only Chipotle. I am a loyal customer of Chipotle: I used to eat it 5 times a week back in my hometown. This 1 star review is solely directed at the management and efficiency of the staff. In the 20 or so locations I've been to, this is the only one that has made me frustrated time and time again over its speed of service. I would see one server get the rice and meat then proceed to also get the salsa, while another worker literally stands aside watching. I've seen the cashier back up to fill a bowl with veggies, while leaving 3-4 customers who were ready to go hanging at the register. Each step of the assembly line simply needs to be faster, and each employee need to stick to his or her own work in line. Henry Ford didn't popularize the assembly line to have workers doing each other's jobs.CHIPOTLE DIRECTORS: you may think this place is doing just fine, since you have a great product and a great brand. You may also think that this store is doing well as the only Chipotle in this location. Please know that for every two times I, an avid chipotle consumer, enter those doors, there is another time when I turn around at a half filled restaurant because even that will amount to a 30 minute wait. There are many others who do this. It's time to change something.", 1, 2], "94-pvAQ1tX7Jjoe9xCe7iw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "1/8/2016", "This Chipotle was very good although I couldn't hear the servers over the loud music and because they seemed to be speaking very quietly. Also, the dining area is very \"no frills\" but the food is worth it. There are vegan options and it all seems relatively fresh. I liked the free water with lemon option which is self-serve and tasty!", 4, 2], "fHB2tWT5-wxJFUVKuAUDuQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/14/2015", "Better to go to Viva in downtown. There are long lines sometimes and the food doesn't seem to be worth it.", 3, 0], "_hIq56JEt-Tw9B2vZ84tjg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/6/2015", "Well, the food was good, but that's about it. The service was mediocre at best. I took major offense to how the topping guy was conducting his business. First off, he sprinkled the cheese onto my burrito as if he was making a gourmet pizza, resulting in half the usual amount. When I asked for a bit more salsa, he filled up the spoon, dumped 90% of it out, and the remaining drop was placed on my burrito. The burrito ended up being about half as full as it usually is. On top of all this, the bag of chips was like 80% air, trash cans were overflowing, and the majority of tables were dirty. Love Chipotle, but this restaurant needs to step it up.", 2, 1], "o_assksIdp5n5Vs0is2iQw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/6/2015", "Food was ok, up to standard but staff made sure to make the experience bad. The line was really long as usual however it was due to one member of the staff that sassed customers. He sprinkled the cheese on my burrito in no hurry. After putting on two toppings he mentioned \"is that it?\" like he wanted me to go away and when I politely asked for sour cream muttered something in another language. He also folded my burrito like a scrunched up shirt and dumped a sad amount of guac on the side of the mountain of toppings. The cashier also rather rudely asked what was in my burrito. Trust me I'm usually pretty ok with mediocre service but this was a whole new level of bad. Worse than McDonald's.", 2, 1], "yvfFjgppbhwRUVtZAGs4lw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/29/2015", "When I started going in September, the steak was perfect medium rare. As time went on, the steak kept getting more and more overcooked. I then asked specifically for medium rare steak since that is what their website advertises and is much healthier and tender than medium well or well done. Overcooked steak forms polyaromatic hydrocarbons and heterocyclic amines which are carcinogenic. The staff are very accommodating. When they see me walk in and don't have medium rare steak, they grill it on the spot for me. VIP treatment lol. Sometimes the steak comes out rare or slightly raw which is okay because the cows are grass fed from Australia. I always get double steak and the total comes out to be around $12 which is $1.50 cheaper in Ithaca than NYC. The only thing is I only got away with not paying for double steak twice here but in NYC they forget to charge me extra more often. Sometimes I would cough or say something to distract the workers from passing along the message that I got double steak.The only issue with Chipotle is the oil they use; it is very high in omega 6 fatty acids. I'd be happy if they use grass fed clarified butter (ghee) which has a much healthier ratio of omega 3 to omega 6 fats but unfortunately, many Americans still believe that saturated fats are linked to heart disease -_-", 4, 0], "ajjhGasPVRrFuXwo1Je45Q": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/8/2015", "We haven't been in a long time because there is always a LONG line of college students. No line today so we stopped in. We are disappointed. The chicken is over spiced and very fatty. The servers are willy nilly about portions. One person gets a heaping spoonful, the next half a spoonful. There is no portion control. Not the friendliest but not rude either. 6 months ago we would have rated them a 3 or 4. Things have slipped downhill.", 2, 0], "84m6NzncXcSfbvnkaoQH3g": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/18/2015", "Go to Moes or Viva. I've seen people go on and on about chipotle on Facebook sometimes and I can't fit it in my head why. Every time we have gone there, the meat is overcooked, atmosphere is beat, the service is blah and the food is weak at best. I mean really, chipotle doesn't hold a candle to other places.", 1, 1], "RpxUcNMDrVcZ_6DI_LOQeg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/19/2015", "Mostly, this place is great and the staff friendly. If you see a muscle bound idiot behind the bar though, don't waste your time. He's rude, sloppy, and screws up your order about half the time. Otherwise, it's a solid choice.", 3, 0], "ZbOSH1nYHh34vkjE3NKkwg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "8/21/2015", "If you like Chipotle, then food-wise, there are no surprises here. It tastes good, they use clean ingredients, and they have plenty of options for vegetarians: tofu, two kids of vegetarian beans, grilled veggies, super-tasty guacamole ($$$), white and brown rice. Servers are friendly, food is good, prices are on the high side, lines are long, but all of that is expected for Chipotle. On the plus side, this location has outdoor seating and the plates are recyclable.Where this Chipotle falls short is cleanliness. Every time we've been in, the floors, tables, and napkin/utensil/soda area are filthy. If they'd step up their cleaning game, we'd visit more often. Sitting outside or getting your food to go is the only comfortable option.", 3, 1], "KB6vyGrVYqQTj1pmy5tVhA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "4/17/2015", "Yikes. I placed a phone order and the employee I spoke to was aggressively rude. When I went in to pick up the order, I asked the employee at the register if I could to speak to the manager. He instead went to the person I had talked to on the phone, who came out of the kitchen yelling \"What? You saying I wasn't nice to you? You saying I wasn't nice to you?\"After pointing out that this behavior was also rude, I had to again ask to speak to the manager. The employee at the register refused to get him and said \"He's busy slicing avocadoes right now.\" When the manager finally came out, he did not apologize for the phone employee's behavior. The tone for employee behavior is set by management.It is pretty hard to make going to Chipotle a bad experience, but somehow Ithaca's Chipotle accomplished the impossible.", 1, 5], "gK8eIfUTjqr5KsFC8123yw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/25/2014", "This is like every other Chipotle in the world except that I am not used to being able to get margaritas! I guess my home area is much more dry than Ithaca!", 3, 0], "vPfEtY46F1kKJAfV-CS7WQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/14/2014", "It's a sad testament to the fact that Ithaca is neither anywhere close to the Southwest nor a large enough city to attract a sizable Mexican immigrant population that Chipotle is one of the best Mexican places in town. While other outlets might offer a decent burrito (Viva, say, which is somewhat underrated) or tacos (RIP Mexeo, welcome Gorgers Taco Shack), these don't quite make my taste buds dance in nearly the same way as a Chipotle burrito bowl. Too bad this location is poorly accessible by foot from downtown Ithaca or the local college campuses. Given the lines at this location can be annoyingly long, I'm betting it'd be profitable for a second franchise to open up in town, perhaps in a better-placed spot.", 4, 0], "vVYjeCoKObTmw7lR4ttsKQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "8/30/2014", "What the f, Chipotle. $10 and 15-20 minutes in line for a burrito with like 4 ounces of filling?? Not cool.", 2, 2], "dhM5OeOWenGbcqZALLpUpw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "7/16/2014", "Three measly pieces of meat on my plate and they refused to add more. Needless to say that I'm not going back. Overpriced, unpleasant, and always a trashed dining area.", 1, 0], "FJHJAj-GqLfQuSKhCGtvsA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "7/16/2014", "I lied. I did go back. Chipotle is offering Tofu now, they call it \"sofritas\".There's still cilantro in everything.", 3, 4], "dCuwG5Bkxp7XC5Xut2TaXQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "6/23/2014", "Only chiptole where they count the number of meats to give you. Expect about half of the size for bowls you get at other chiptoles.I have been to this chiptole at least 5 times over last month at different hours hoping it is just that server. I was wrong.Food? There are always out of 'superior' ingredients which they are suppose to serve. Either guacamole steak or hot salsa is always missing.If you like chipotle, don't go here. It is not the same chipotle.", 1, 1], "71LhFTR0RJ526az9kSDgeA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "5/6/2014", "Yum! Whenever I'm in Ithica, NY I stop by for one of their burritos. Clean healthy food for a decent price. Quick service. Friendly staff. Great location. One of my favorite stops in town.", 4, 0], "nCdQgs9G6m8wd8SGWxn9hA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "4/2/2014", "Chipotle so there's not much to say here: lots of polished wood, stainless steel surfaces with small amount of seating. I am a big fan of Chipotle and love the high quality of the items they use in their food. I always make a few trips to Ithaca because its the close one from Corning sadly.", 4, 0], "JEmLueSjIpRgin-uE9E_9g": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "1/29/2014", "This Chipotle location is always clean and never *that* busy (compared to some I've been to) unless a sports team is there (in which case you should probably save your time and head elsewhere).Most of us have been to Chipotle and know it's tasty tex-mex/mex, albeit not the best, and would probably give it 3 stars. Hence the rating.Also, Matt H.'s tip about the salsa's is spot on. That's my go-to every time.", 3, 1], "jDpWdwdkW6CKMixfIvp8RA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/24/2013", "I am obsessed with Chipotle. It is fresh, tasty, and relatively healthy (despite what many people say)! I always recommend it for its great value and convenience as well! You will be full!", 5, 0], "G18QrdKpI7yxIOJ0D4pAOQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/26/2013", "I love Chipotle.Just not this one.The food here is not any better than any other Chipotle, but at times it has been much worse. I have been in three times and am calling it a day with trying.My first experience, there was a line out the door due to Brown University being in town. (not a negative). However after waiting 40 minutes in line, when I got up to order everything went smooth even if the crew was understandably looking like they were over it. But ... at a time when the food should have been pretty fresh (they just served a huge rush so should be making new food ... most of the food choices looked like they had been sitting for a few hours. I ordered and was not disappointed, it in fact tasted like it was anything but fresh.Second experience. No line, (1101 AM on a July day ... no college kids). Food looked and tasted like it had sat out for a week. But the service was decent.Third experience, food was incredible. The service was horrible. The group of hipster bro's behind the counter were too busy comparing who had the coolest fedora and sweater for the not very attractive new girl. I checked my watch once I got annoyed nobody had helped me. 19 minutes later the tall skinny hipster with ironic glasses says \"what do you want\" ... not how can i help you or can I take your order. Once i FINALLY got my food, it was good. The restaurant was horribly dirty and there was no hot sauce bottle that was not empty ... but the food itself was good.All in all, the Chipotle in Ithaca is a college hang out and nothing more. The food seems very secondary to the opportunity for both the staff and the customers to be seen at their favorite hang out.I honestly think the owner of this franchise should probably hire a new manager and try to find some level of clean consistency on the food and restaurant itself.That said, they never will because they are always packed with college kids who do not care about either of those important issues.", 2, 1], "wB9RCXv3OaijPSzueSm-6Q": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/21/2013", "Chipotle. It was only a matter of time before I tried to articulate what my taste buds do every time I visit. First and foremost, let me clairfy these 5 stars - Chipotle gets 5 stars for FAST MEXICAN food in Ithaca. It's local. I've eaten at the competitors, I've done my \"thing\", and Chipotle always leaves me happiest. So, \"you\": a health conscious, busy, passionate person. And hungry. As mentioned in a previous review, I have unorthodox ways of eating. I eat my burger bunless. If you know me, you'll realize when I like something, I like it all the time. ALL the time. Carrots, for instance, are a daily staple. Salsa and fresh food tickle my tummy. They make my GI tract happy, my tastebuds sing, and I feel like I\"ve made a great life choice. Naturally, I would want alot of it, exclusively. Chipotle delivers, judgement free. OK: Chipotle from front door entry to exit and how it's a 5 star experience (if you're me). Walk in: the place is cool, crisp, clean, open, bright. This is imagery of a 'cleansed and ready' appetite. Competitors are darker, cluttered and cramped which is not the 'feng shui' for good digestion. I follow the stream of people to a well-stocked line of industrious workers and good looking food. The menu is well organized and straight forward: no surprises - you're getting standard American-style Mexican cuisine, just pick your base (taco, burrito, salad, etc) and your meat (or non-meat) which just HAPPENS to be naturally fed (an unexpected win playing on my 'health conscious side' -- I cared about the environment without even trying!). Let's get to the food - that's what you're reading this for anyway. New paragraph. My choice has little variety: I eat the salad with no beans, no rice, no sour cream, no cheese, no guacomole. Extra cooked veggies and small heaps of beautiful, beautiful salsa. So why, if I have such a restricted preference, does Chipotle get 5 stars? Because they absolutely kick-'butt' in the department of 'extra salsa, extra veggies'. Further, the salsa are fresh, diverse, and well seasoned and spiced. I've had the pleasure of sampling their chips as well - a win win win for all you chip-fans! They have a lovely citrus/salty zing to them which makes the salsa pop. I fear a sour-cream laden dish would smother these fiesty yet delicate flavors right out of their perfection. But wait - as you progress through the highly efficient line and pay for your dish - it isn't over. Chipotle tabasco sauce - it's life-changing. The smoked flavor plays into the salsa (especially the corn salsa) giving it that 'base' which a dairy product would destroy. Think of the smoked tobasco as the tannins in a great cab sauv. That's waiting for you, with lemon wedges, after you pay and prepare to indulge in the best fast-mexican-food experience out there (in Ithaca). Be forewarned - your tastebuds will be dancing from the spice (but not torched so as not to taste anything). Conveniently, Yogurtland is a neighbour in this epi-center of good fast food and a terrific place to finish off that \"food crawl\" you won't soon forget. With that, Chipotle gets an EXTREMELY subjective 5 stars. Thank you Chipotle for the extra salsa. You've earned a loyal customer!", 5, 0], "9Jdgh1x69qJwnWmyr2zQEg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "9/13/2013", "Mediocre in every possible way. The lime/cilantro combo overwhelms all other flavors, guacamole is an expensive and largely pointless add-on as it tastes like nothing, and even though I asked for a small amount of sour cream they really overdid it. Then they didn't wrap my burrito correctly so it leaked everywhere.", 2, 1], "kjfBQzmouHhgyHBFwSx--g": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "8/14/2013", "So I walked in and a lot of the tables were dirty and there were 5 people working behind the counter. Granted I don't care that much cause we found a clean spot but should there have been a crowd, I would've probably ate in my car. We had never been here before so I had a lot of questions about the choices. We walked up and were ignored for about 3-4 minutes as the workers who were in plain sight, 2 feet away just talked among themselves and were flirting with what seemed to be the new girl worker. Granted, I was a teen and had no professionalism at one point so again I didn't care but waiting for 4 minutes for food standing right there with almost no one else in the restaurant was pretty rude.Anyways once they stopped talking and asked me what I wanted the guy did answer all of my questions and was quite nice about it. They definitely fill up your burrito and it's crazy how much they can fit in and still roll it. The guac was really good, the rice, beans and meat were crazy good and the lettuce and salsa definitely tasted fresh. One of the better burrito's I have ever had and it was quite filling.The only other thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the prices. They are a bit high but again I have to constantly remind myself this is Ithaca, nothing is inexpensive.Overall I'd go back, maybe not to this one in particular but when I am in Binghamton I'd try theirs. I might go back here if I was really in the mood but Viva is cheaper and a bit better in my opinion. If the service was better I'd be more inclined to go here rather than viva but viva always has great service (and clean tables).I'd definitely recommend you at least try it, it's very filling and very good but not enough for me to really want to return if the service and area was how it was this time.", 3, 3], "K-2HzGyMpFJYuu67mMwT_Q": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "7/20/2013", "Here is the classic experience: -Long line with a wait of 20+ minutes-Empty and dirty tables-Trash cans filled to the brim-Tons of kids from Cornell in line talking about the dumbest shit ever -Probably a sports team from out of town that is here to play at IC or Cornell (they really clog the lines)-Line workers who are very curt and roll their eyes when you are a noob and when they have to ask more than once what kind of rice and beans you want (kind of understandable)-Quesadillas throw them off their rhythm -Having to ask for more rice or beans or meat or salsa....total short changers. They kind of tease you by filling up their scoop with x and then dumping half in your bowl and then the other half back in the bin.-Ordering double meat and not getting charged for double meat (50% success = worth the risk)-Dirty floors-Having to ask them for bottles of hot sauce because they are out and didn't replace them-Ordering water and filling it with your preferred beverage with no repercussions...ever (I didn't do this but pretty much everyone else does)-Finishing your meal, walking to yogurtland and seeing he exact same people. Yeah that pretty much sums it up. I still love Chipotle though...just not this location.", 1, 9], "7pYsSCF4DO0hmgXmUt-rWA": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "6/6/2013", "If I still lived in Los Angeles this place would be lucky to get 3 stars, but its Ithaca, and the Mexican/southwest eateries are just atrocious, so they get a sympathy star. The meat is always grilled well, and they pretty much do anything you ask for.pro tip, if you like a more flavorful burrito get multiple kinds of salsa. I go with mild + corn + hot.", 4, 1], "WSOsI_F2nGiqjJmj8VN_mg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "2/4/2013", "What can I say? its chipotle...it tastes the same everywhere. However they are now charging another buck for the tortilla if you get the bowl, which usually comes free if you ask. Hence the 4 star, otherwise 5.", 4, 2], "WbBS-htELefa6y7Pm_qQow": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "12/14/2012", "Since the day I ate my first burrito and decided I needed to wash it down with a second, Chipotle has always held a special place in my heart.The Grub --* Quesarrito ($6.85) - Half chicken, half steak, pinto & black beans, fajita veggies, cilantro-lime white rice, tomato & green salsa, sour cream, cheese, and lettuce wrapped in a tortilla with melted cheese prior to putting the burrito togetherVenue Review --This Chipotle popped up earlier this year in February and this is my first time having gone to this location. Of course, it looks like any other Chipotle so there's not much to say here: lots of polished wood, stainless steel surfaces and warm tones.Food Review --I always like trying something new here since Chipotle has an unspoken rule that their menu is really limited to the confines of your imagination. I got a quesarrito this time, the brain-child of a quesadilla and a burrito. They melt cheese on the inside of a tortilla and then proceed to stuff your burrito with the good stuff.If you'd like to try new options at Chipotle, here are my recommendations:* Quesarrito: Quesadilla + Burrito, cheese melted inside tortilla prior to making burrito* Nachos: Grab a bag of chips and pile it with ingredients* Single Taco (They have these on the menu now!)Chipotle Tips:#1. 1/2 + 1/2 = 3/2 Ask for half-and-half meat and it's likely that you'll get more than a single serving. They'll charge you for the higher priced meat.#2. Pick your beans and after they've piled them on, ask for the other kind of beans as well. You'll nearly get double the beans since they weren't expecting it.#3. Fajita veggies are no extra charge (duh?)#4. If you want fresh Cilantro, just ask.Service Review --The brand is a strong one and each Chipotle is cut from the same mold, this one was no different. Service was the same with the usual mix of toothy-grinned assembly line workers and grouches.Overall Impression --It's GREAT that we have a Chipotle here now (the nearest one used to be an hour and a half drive up to Syracuse). College students still need to hitch a ride to get to this location, it's about a 10-minute trip out to Chipotle from Cornell, but once you get there you know that it was worth it.", 4, 6], "NwLE29bFtpgJAMki-3Kadg": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "11/24/2012", "I love Chipotle. I can have Chipotle everyday and never get sick of it. So you can imagine how excited I was when Chipotle came all the way to the small town of Ithaca... And luckily because Chipotle is a franchise there's not much differentiation from location to location. However, one thing I do dislike about this place is the manager who tries to be extremely stingy with the food. Example: On Halloween I got a $2 burrito, but after finding out additional guac was free after the person started wrapping my burrito, the manager refused to let her unwrap it and add some guac. Also... they're charging $.90 for tortillas with a burrito bowl. WHO DOES THAT?? Whatever, I'm still coming back haha.", 3, 2], "Yuo6tEECNJOCie7vdouKnQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/25/2012", "Consider it the Five Guys of the Burrito world. Very popular with the college crowd. Service was fast and efficient. D\u00e9cor was sparse, the counters and tables badly in need of a wipe down, and the atmosphere noisy. This would be a good choice if I were on a road trip and had a choice between this and McDonalds. The burrito was filling for sure but average at best. Like most fast food the sodium content was off the charts. I felt like the main flavor of the guacamole was indeed salt. We ordered 2 vegetarian burritos, chips and guacamole, the same meal we usually would get at Viva only this time we paid $5 more for an inferior meal.", 2, 3], "a2Tks5dfZwu-fI0DjreBRw": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "10/1/2012", "It feels a bit weird writing a review for Chipotle. It's like writing a review for Burger King. But in case you live under a rock, Chipotle is a fast food burrito joint with locations all around the nation. When this location first opened, the lines were out the door with people. I like Chipotle...but not enough to wait 30+ minutes to get a burrito. Nowadays, the lines have calmed down, and what's left is a very decent burrito place that blows That Burrito Place out of the water (did that even need to be said?) and compares favorably to Mexeo's.", 4, 0], "bPgQdYRPUBlK9bFi470C8g": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "5/23/2012", "Tried Chipotle on a whim. Was actually headed for Panera Bread but at the last minute, decided to try Chipotle for the first time. It might have been my last time as well. Totally unimpressive! OK, it wasn't all bad...there was copious parking. Once inside, there were lines for the restroom, as well as the food. It was very noisy inside the restaurant. The decor appears to feature unfinished plywood, and not much interior seating. Upon ordering, I found an indifferent staff, and had to strain to hear what they were saying. The couldn't hear what I was saying either, but didn't strain to do so either, robitically throwing some of the ingredients that I had asked for onto a tortilla. In the end, it felt like Mel's Diner meets Taco Bell. My food was edible, but very unremarkable. We dined indoors, as the outdoor dining area sits between the building itself and a busy South Meadow Street. It won't be too long before a car (or cars) plow into the dining area. In the end, I'll pas on a second visit to Chipotle. There are too many other places nearby to get a quick, not-too-expensive meal...Five Guys, Panera, Chili's, etc., etc.", 2, 1], "Zl9uiNZQ1wyHIp5OJsnroQ": ["Yelp", "Chipotle Mexican Grill", "4/15/2012", "Delicious, fast and relatively inexpensive burritos. Chipotle prides itself on fresh ingredients and they deliver, every burrito I've had here has met or exceeded my expectations.There is usually a short line, but there are several employees building each burrito so it moves quite fast. It is assembly-line style like subway or pita pit so every burrito is custom made to your specifications.The service is excellent. Once, my burrito broke in the final wrapping stages, bursting with all of the good stuff they crammed into it and the manager gave it to me for free.This is, and will continue to be, my go to burrito place whenever the craving hits.", 5, 0]}
{"OXmQpiyvjPWIfn6h3KsVsw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/2/2018", "This place is hit or miss, more often a miss. I would steer clear and give the more deserving competitors the business.", 2, 0], "LgKFPSrGm_u1F1yHzsc6WA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/6/2018", "Sammy's is my go-to pizzeria! Me and my friends go every night and they deliver quick service and delicious pizza. Definitely good for any college student or family!", 5, 0], "qVnaKd6QVUPyqi69mGLOew": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/12/2018", "I ordered delivery and the foods came within the reasonable time. Although I just put my apartment address, They went all the way to my room and deliver it!", 4, 0], "PE-bIrM7QaTtp0Oc6Gswqg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/21/2018", "If you're on the Commons, starving and this is the only place still open, you have planned poorly. On the surface, it looks like a NYC style pizza joint- multitude of pies, different topping combos and a storefront that could use a good degreasing. Pretty standard. That is where the comparisons end. I would take a cheap $1, NYC pizza slice over this any day. At least you know that their slices are fresh. This pizza is not worth your time or money.", 2, 0], "7rX8_VwJNcI20IqnfuMxQw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "2/4/2018", "Not a review of the restaurant itself but they do awesome takeout, ordered a good assortment of food for the Super Bowl and they were very fast despite being such a busy night. Will definitely order from them again!", 5, 1], "l4ZREXe8WQVzd9rK6hHE3w": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/27/2018", "To be honest, I went in because \"everyone in Ithaca has been to Sammy's\" and I walk by everyday. The atmosphere could be really sketchy at night, but it was around 12:30PM so it was quiet. The guy behind the counter was very nice and explained everything very well. He sold me on the white pizza with garlic, ricotta, mozzarella and butter. The slice cost me $3.50 and it was a good size. The slice itself was very tasty. Everything was melted throughly, not too salty, oily or had too much cheese. The proportions were executed nicely. I want to try a few of the other vegetarian pies and at that price, I totally will go more often. Because it's the first pizza I've ever had in Ithaca, I cannot say it is the best.", 4, 1], "cnLfRc5vKciW6kq0WxXlZw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/3/2017", "I've tried a bunch of things from this restaurant and everything has been delicious. Their bomber pizza is literally BOMB and their burrito bowl is arguably better than chipotle! One of my favorite places in Ithaca to get food from", 5, 0], "iGYNpZEReHaN00KuheuOMA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/2/2017", "Went for a walk in the commons our first night in Ithaca and grabbed a quick slice. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was! Suave was tasty and the crust was perfect. Chances are good we will stop in again for another slice.", 4, 0], "VjfBTcbTzwHKmvp6oYVkcQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/15/2017", "Very overrated very. This pizza is so template. They try for a nyc feel. But the pizza and food doesn't reflect. At best it compare to corner store bodega in the Bronx. $2 I would pay for a slice at best.", 2, 0], "34cJRveaTvQdgzaoN_oo3w": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/21/2017", "Awful customer service. Worst I've had in a LONG time. Food is good if you can get past the customer service. Unfortunately for me, the food isn't enough. I won't be returning", 2, 0], "HGXRCh3lBdg_7JRDIM6QYw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/8/2017", "What you would expect for $3 a slice. Great variety and a good option for the commons area.", 4, 0], "RggeOdRqmcV8xKR5LvqV3g": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/6/2017", "The pasta was really dry and the chicken uncooked. Didn't taste good at all.", 1, 0], "lKvXQmOAfly5pqhSNsxGtg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/8/2017", "The rice bowl here is very good. They also have a great pizza : Chipotle chicken pizza. Its a must visit. Order can take long especially during the afternoon as they seem understaffed", 4, 0], "ie82PAwqLVWEj3_2DAVmJw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/10/2017", "Their pizza was mhm so good! That cheese just melting and the crust and everything was an awesome experience!", 4, 0], "xqE1fjyW5TyY0P8RX2Xy7A": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/15/2016", "We often come up here to see our son, who goes to school here, and always make time for Sammy's. The portions are more than generous. I personally cannot get enough of their wings. The salads , sandwiches and calzones are all worth trying. It is usually full of college kids but we can still find a spot in one of the booths. The place is super casual ..as you would expect of a collegetown pizzeria but the food is great.", 5, 0], "bAWIT4gFuvbFaiHydtmkrw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/11/2016", "Pretty yummy I will say. Though I am a fan of thin crust this was definitely decent pizza!", 3, 0], "OYOmdCRocyYUT6CMs2BwfA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/8/2016", "Great pizza and really cheap. Staff is pretty nice. Definitely the best pizza in collegetown for the price.", 5, 0], "WD1PWnPN04Iv33n7xvtroQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/13/2016", "Ordered pizza, wings, and a 2 liter soda last night. Delivery man came on time but forget to bring the 2 liter soda. Deliver man promised to bring the soda promptly. After 30 minutes of waiting, a new delivery person brings a luke-warm soda.Pizza and the wings weren't bad. But the delivery and customer service were absolutely horrendous.", 1, 0], "2FCjahzvITl1yXknKaPvdw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/8/2016", "Extremely deceptive pricing. They covered up the prices for combo meals while only revealing the combo meal numbers for ordering.", 1, 1], "n4gfgvmbk8hPielwlD8jVw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/17/2015", "I was looking for a place nearby Cornell for some Halal food options, so far could find only this place which says Halal chicken pizza, wings etc. Bought a medium pizza and wings deal for ~$20. Price and taste is good. They offer some combo deals which sounds better.", 4, 0], "wczp8N1SJQ8dV65QNb6qXg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/3/2015", "Pizza Pizza!. Made me remember i was still in New York... good pizza with a crisp bottom crust.check it out late night in the commons, nice n crisp.", 3, 6], "0UI3cos5ea7iihUps9ndfw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/12/2015", "I was looking for some quality late evening food and stumbled up on Sammy's. Did a quick Yelp check and wasn't very encouraged about Sammy's. However, my experience is that Ithaca has some harsh reviewers, and perhaps they may not know a good thing when they taste one; so we decided to try Sammy's anyhow.They say, \"You never get a second chance to make a first impression.\" Well, Sammy's didn't need a second chance with me! From the very start, the sassy countergirl was very helpful, friendly, and patient with us--she offered her opinions and suggestions on what we may enjoy. There were so many choices of gourmet slices in the windowed display. This late night joint was also touting their fried chicken plus sides. Having a ravenous appetite, and needing to make yet another Yelp review while on the road, we ordered a couple of slices, a small bucket of fried chicken with side orders of mac'n'cheese, and a 2 liter of root beer thrown in. The high point was definitely the pizza. Since the slices are double baked, you get a nice crisp crust that you wouldn't get on a single bake. The chicken was \"meh\", good enough if you are feening for some chicken but a pass if you have to make a choice. The mac'n'cheese was very oooey gooey; pasta was firm and not too mushy; taste was average.Atmosphere is typical for a collegetown greasy spoon opened late night. Tables weren't the cleanest probably because students are animals when drunk.What was most memorable again was the warm welcome and assistance by their order-taker...who made the experience an extra notch upwards.", 4, 5], "75GVBbzu-nyqut3Uz62eyw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/26/2015", "Delivery takes over an hour and a half. Pizza shows up cold and the staff is incredibly rude and have no desire to work there. Try any pizza place other than Sammys. Be prepared to be hung up on if you call to complain. \"Don't order from us next time then\" - direct quote from the driver.", 1, 1], "dE23PrT5zbU-YFcP4I-puA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/19/2015", "They don't have anything but cheese pizza after 1:19am. I need my buffalo. The place is full of college students. Don't come here if you have family. Perfect place while visit your child at Cornell or Ithaca College.", 3, 0], "8uuNa4YliTDrRBz-hNJXaA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/5/2015", "I moved up here from Long Island about a year ago. Since then, I have pretty much stuck to making my own pizza because the few pizzerias I've visited have been depressingly lackluster. I always see people coming in and out of Sammys and today I finally broke down with a: \"hey, what the heck, I'll try it.\"All I have to say now is: why all of the lukewarm reviews???Sure, Sammys isn't EXACTLY what I used to get downstate, but it is pretty dang close. Crisp, thin crust, good quality cheese, generous with the toppings. Yeah, the sauce is a little on the sweet side, but it does not reflect poorly on the establishment, and is much better sauce than all of the other pizza options surrounding it.And, yeah, inside it doesn't look so pretty. But c'mon, how many pizzerias have you been to that DO look nice inside?? Personally, I can count them on one hand.If you're craving some legitimate pizza, come to Sammys. The prices are good and the pizza is the best in town.", 4, 0], "l0esbM0zlEZOhcaitJat0Q": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/27/2015", "This is a mediocre as best pizza place in the commons. Don't go out of your way to stop by, but not bad if you want a slice and are already in the commons. Two stars only because they bribe other people with pizza to leave reviews on Yelp.", 2, 1], "MX2CJeSHT-59CvfizWIGvw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/26/2015", "Pizza was ok. My problem here was two fold. I originally planned to eat at the Mexican place down the street but didn't want to wait half an hour for a table. Decided to stop in here for quick slices from the place that serves the \"best pizza in Ithaca.\" Most of the slices on display looked overcooked so I settled on a slice of plain and a slice of their fresh tomato laden Margherita pizza. My wife ordered a slice of plain and a slice of Sicilian. We got our sodas and took a seat. Ten minutes went by and nothing. Five more minutes and a guy walks over asking if we ordered a broccoli pizza. Not us. I went to the counter and watched someone else put in an order and then the guy at the counter asked if he could help me. I told him about the four slices we ordered 25 minutes earlier, which he only then discovered burnt to a crisp in the lower oven. They put in four new slices but only had one plain slice left so I settled on a second slice of their average Margherita. Either Ithaca has sub par pizza or this is just not truth in advertising. The guy offered a soda to make it right but we already had them. Should have waited for a seat at the Mexican place instead. Also, I didn't mind, but I'm sure the family with the two little kids wasn't too happy about the South Park episode of Oprah Winfrey's vagina and a-hole holding up a bank blaring in the background and on the two TVs while dining. I was embarrassed for them and for the mother who kept telling her kids those were bad words that they were saying on TV.", 2, 3], "mptOUy-aveOjO1r7mb9sgQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/17/2015", "They have halal chicken on subs and pizza, that's more then I could ever wish for. Definitely try out the Chicken Kebab Subs!", 4, 0], "T9g5hBmPNOt-L8oxRPeNig": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/15/2015", "The good: Thin & crispy crust, good flavor. Friendly folks. The not-so-good: Pizza is on the greasy side. Dark interior, kinda run-down. If you're going to eat here, I recommend sitting out on the commons.", 3, 0], "-x-ePcH5fvZV5Dsjs9V49A": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/28/2015", "Do the staffs served all customer with 30 waiting when all the restaurant is empty, on the Ithaca festival day, and I missed the festival, without explanation? Fried chicken with no any sauce? I wrote review for them before and gave them 5 star with thought that they had a great reputation, great service, great food and so on, you can read it below this latest review. Now, I changed. I am very disappointed with this restaurant. And will never go back.The latest time I went there, was on Saturday of Ithaca Festival Week in 2015. I would like to find something to eat, fast and quick serve. Because I was very hungry I did not eat anything all day from 6 am in the morning - until 6 pm in the evening, I just drink water all day because I try to loose weight. I just get out of work and would like to grabbed something fast to eat. I join the festival just a bit and then hungry then I headed to pizza restaurant. Cashier, the teen girl took my order with 2-3 pieces of chicken, coslaws and mashed potato. Restaurant is empty, just me and 1 guy sitting at the front. I think, it was only my order or 1 more order on line. And I have to wait for 30 minute for just couple pieces of chicken. And I am not understand that. No explained from any staffs from start to finished, and they served my fried chicken with no sauce at all. Really? No catchup or anything? I remembered last time they served me, though? Confusing or no consistant.No communicate, no sorry and no explanation nothing from the restaurant and then that is it for me. I am no going back. If they honest to customer and told me before I order that this order is will take long, then I can choose other restaurant else, we have 40 restaurants in downtown, though. And it was too many inappropriate service from them, though. And I am not deserved this kind of service, too. I did not know it will take this long and I gave them 1 dollar tip, too. I order soda, too and she don't even gave me a cup. I have to asked her for that. Enough is enough.About an hour that I wasted time with them. I missed a lot of opportunity, missed many concert (3 main staged and so on) and by the time I finished eating, and started to walked with the crowned is too late, getting dark and many shopped along the way were closed their tent already. Sadly. Poorly choose the wrong choice. The staffs did not understand customer that that exact time, customer supposed to joined the festival and they hurried. Couple day before, on the Thursday of parade day, I have dinner at Taste of Thai downtown, the Thai restaurant that located opposite from Sammy, just across the street, I went there by 4 pm, they served me quick, even dinner, because they understand the situation, in case customer will go to join the parade (about 3 minute waiting for the meal and I order Rad na) That was very impressed. And I make the wrong choice to choose Sammy. And it will be my last time to be their customer. I am too disappointed and too many pizza restaurant choices in town so I would like to say bye to them. I can choose not to been there and be customer at the rest pizza restaurant in town would be better for me.", 1, 0], "UJPIOCVoga-_tq6AFiIDrA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/24/2015", "Ordered a few slices for delivery and they never showed up.Shortly after ordering a nice young lady called us and said that they were out of one of the slices we ordered and we were able to swap it for another.But, then it never came.We called two hours later and they were extremely rude. They basically told us that they didn't know what happened to our order.All things considered, it looks like we dodged a bullet. There are a few good reviews, but it seems like this place doesn't make a great slice. Would not recommend.", 1, 4], "MxSfQzlvNUJ_cNUYCVjVBQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "2/16/2015", "Do not under any circumstances order delivery from here. It took over two hours to arrive (an hour longer than it was supposed to) and the food was horrible. I ordered a pizza (which never even arrived) a salad (not that fresh), mozzarella sticks (literally empty, no cheese), and a chix parm sandwich (marginal). On the plus side they issued a refund and we still got our food. Of which we barely ate anything since it was not that great and arrived very late in the evening. Disappointed doesn't even begin to describe our experience.", 1, 4], "Sj1poYvHRVltGLaRiuFNFA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/12/2014", "The first time I ordered pizza, I was impressed with how good it tasted. Because of how delicious everything was, I decided to order delivery again. My housemate and I ordered chicken and pizza, and after waiting an hour and a half I called the restaurant asking how much longer it would be and was reassured the driver was on his way. Shortly after, the driver arrives with our food. After realizing everything came in but the pizza, we called the restaurant again and asked how much longer it would be. Hearing the driver yelling in the background that all the food was delivered, was both rude and unprofessional, then to be told that they \"found my order\" and would be bringing it down, was disappointing. I asked if it was the same pie made two hours ago and that I thought they should at least give us a fresh pie at and was infuriated to hear them reply: \"well, the driver is sort of already walking out the door, but if it makes you feel any better it was sitting on top of the oven, so it's still kind of warm.\" That was disgustingly unsatisfying. I cannot await my now two and half hour old, slightly warm, and potentially soggy pizza. I think there are other tasty pizza places that will neither take almost three hours to arrive, nor be as rude as Sammys. It's the little things when it comes to customer service that go the furthest. Something as simple as a fresh pie, a free order of garlic knots or fries, or even something as simple as an \"I'm sorry\" would have been appreciated.", 1, 1], "r791EKX9GcjC4_h6XeN6zA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/7/2014", "I like this new place in collegetown! Owners are extremely nice! The food is also good and cheap. I love their taco and ziti pizza :p and also their subs are cheap too.", 5, 1], "2KR9GZRQJiLw-0rWNP_ZZA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/9/2014", "Best pizza in Ithaca! ! Weather it's 3 o'clock in the morning after the bars or looking for a great slice for lunch this is the place to go. I love the chicken pesto pizza, but you can't go wrong with any of there slices.", 4, 1], "svxHXKt7Kd-LoObKM190ZA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/20/2014", "Ordered delivery tonight from Sammy's. The prices are unbelievably low and you get a lot of food for the price. Delivery was quick and my driver was friendly. I did a build your own pasta dish with penne, meatsauce, and chicken parmesean. Everything was hot and the flavors were good, but the chicken was very dry and chewy. Came with garlic knots which were delicious, but tiny. Good value, I like the late hours and there were a lot of other things on the menu that looked good, so I'll probably order again in the future and try a different dish.", 3, 0], "bIHrKhR3bHFtWB0Qg7FLfg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/18/2014", "Cheap ingredients make for cheap tasting greasy pizza. It is, however, clearly reflected in the very low prices, which is why I would say two as opposed to one star. I could see this place being a late night drunken savior, and I'm sure it serves the collegiate crowd well, but if you are looking for delicious, quality pizza, keep on looking.", 2, 0], "W8H9A8f7NkvBpVsNcKO7_Q": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/26/2014", "My favorite take-out in all of Ithaca. Try their non-pizza offerings - everything I've ordered I've loved. As a take-out connoisseur, I must say I'm quite impressed with their selection, taste, and delivery. A+.", 5, 1], "UBw1gEsLGkLogIqI68uhFA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "1/22/2014", "Ordered on Jan 22 2014 at 1:12 PM and delivered at 3:15 PM from Collegetown to campus. Worst service I've ever seen!!", 1, 1], "Xs8dO6yl281lfW3quuxaGg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "11/15/2013", "I moved to Ithaca this year from the Chicago area. I've been on the hunt for a decent gyro place ever since. Sammy's is the first gyro I've tried since moving here that I'm excited to order again in the future. Fries are great, too. Online ordering is simple. What's not to love?", 5, 1], "HY2EkklGdoFMyamam33lxQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/22/2013", "Great pizza! I just walked in and got two slices to go, so I can't comment on deliveries and cleanliness of the restroom. Pizzas from Sammy's taste much better than typical big franchise pizzas, IMO.", 4, 1], "5dhbPI7Q94LbJD3K75LQsw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "6/2/2013", "This place has the cheapest Pizza in Ithaca, and at one time was A-OK -- the crust was just the right combination of chewy and crunchy, but I feel the quality has gone down hill, especially the quality of the cheese. The sauce is also a bit too sweet for my taste. I think a sign on the bathroom says it all about where this restaurant is going\"Our aim is to keep this bathroom clean -- Gentlemen, your aim will help. Stand closer; It's shorter than you think. Ladies -- Please remain seated for the entire performance\"", 2, 10], "_QZ4hSpxaUnmXJlXMFuYJw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/24/2012", "Not pricey but you pay for what you get. I ordered a veggie pizza no cheese which apparently means no sauce?? They literally gave me dough topped with veggies.. What's the deal? Maybe I have bad luck. A lot of people seem to like their pizzas.", 3, 4], "K55a5l55NyDqz1cwqoRE-w": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/25/2012", "pretty standard pizza joint, but its a nice stop after the bars", 3, 3], "NM_zHlyEBiRdnr4xVGiKzA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/8/2012", "Two stars because the girl at counter was nice. Otherwise one Place needs a good power wash. Twice.  Sticky dirty in and out. Pizza slices were old semi warm. Yuk", 2, 2], "rM8-V88hBaXTUW4DrZKJDg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "2/29/2012", "Pro: delicious pizzaCon: their phone is broken or something because every time I order delivery I have to repeat myself 3-4 times in order for them to get my order right. Make sure to have them read your order back to you. I ordered online and ran into the same issues. There is no consistency.I'd suggest going there and ordering in person so you can see all the different pizzas they offer behind the window", 4, 3], "f4cINKgOyK7XyoJEbfrc9w": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/27/2011", "Great place to stop after a night of bar-hopping on the commons. Always hot and tasty.", 3, 4], "dx9HPKH5v7K1O1L-aGtgLw": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "9/6/2011", "Not the best Pizza I ever ate, but it fit the immediate purpose of feeding a pair of hungry boys.The one star review is due to the fact the bathroom was beyond disgusting, place reeked of urine, toilet paper everywhere, and no paper towels. There were no paper napkins to be seen to clean one's hands after handling a greasy slice. And the staff seemed irate to interact with. Not coming back.", 1, 1], "uTEd6aBU0Md-C4N--0sIQg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/21/2011", "Can't remember the last time I had such a great slice of white pizza. During the 3 years I've been with my boyfriend I've heard him talk about Sammy's and Gino's, 2 hole-in-the-wall pizza shops in the Ithaca Commons where he used to live as a college student years ago, from time to time. Well, last week we discovered firsthand that Gino's is now closed, so we hit up Sammy's during our trip to The Commons.It's a walk up, order, wait, and eat sort of place. And, yeah, the pizza pies are baked and sliced and set out, and then the slices are reheated when ordered. Duh.So good, the white pizza. Soooo good. The $1 each garlic knots were really tempting, but I resisted being that nearby D.P. Dough was on our agenda for later that day.", 4, 12], "bUQCiwj6UDcUW7q3qlAxeA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "4/2/2011", "Idiots working the night shift.I ordinarily like Sammy's - best pizza in Ithaca, honestly. But beware the night shift. Not only did they mess up my soda order, but the ketchup with my onion rings had completely spilled open, ruining my order of onion rings.  Add a completely wasted, totally useless driver, and this customer is seriously considering whether to order from Sammy's ever again. I don't care if they do have the best pizza in Ithaca, if I don't get what I pay for...", 2, 1], "yO7azPSLUFlsjqhgtK6P2g": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/1/2010", "Dirty bathroom, large screen tv, many pizza choices, pretty greasy though...", 3, 6], "15xKXbCaPl-TTdGR4QWahA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "3/4/2010", "There's a ton of pizza/fast food places around the downtown Commons, however Sammy's is probably the cheapest all around, open the latest (3am) and also has the best item availability. This location also goes by the marketing name of \"All About Chicken\" which is basically the fried chicken side of the store but in reality its all just one huge menu with Sammy's. They also have a low priced pasta menu underneath the name of \"Obama Menu\" which is handy if you need a quick pasta fix.Avoid the reheated pizza that's been sitting around all day but for any of the inebriated college students that always populate Sammy's at night, they'll probably still taste okay. The reheated slices down the Commons at Ameritalia are better imo and cheaper.Best wings deal in the downtown Ithaca are definitely found here, a dozen for 6.99 and it has satisfied my random cravings here and there. Wide variety of flavors available. They are however not the best wings in Ithaca, for that you'll have to pop over to Wings over Ithaca in East Hill Plaza.Have yet to order a full sized fresh pizza here but there's just too many items to try and other competing pizzerias in the neighborhood.", 3, 6], "1l6YE7n-vNTJyOZ2WLivEA": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/27/2009", "Ugh, I ate a slice of their eggplant parm pizza for lunch today and my stomach is killing me... I'm really wishing I hadn't eaten here. Hindsight, when I noticed that they reheat all of their slices, I should have left..but I really wanted pizza! Now I'm wondering just how old my slice was before I ate it- yuck!!", 1, 11], "9SE5saLrUKO6vUtpKnoGpQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "5/15/2009", "Haven't tried the pizza here, just the veal parm dinner. Veal was decent, a little tough but what are you going to get for a $9 veal dinner. Veal was a actual cutlet, not a veal patty which is a plus. The veal dinner comes with garlic bread knots(not really a fan of them) and for a extra $2 you get a salad or pasta side. Sauce was decent, pretty thick and not to much on the sweet side.", 3, 5], "lN1eM6BU65CXEPFvsKEAAQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "12/31/2008", "Sammy's is a cheap pizza place, but it's my favorite pizza place ever. Prices are ridiculously low, service is quick, and they have great specialty pizzas. My favorite is the chicken pesto...mmm. A whole fresh pizza is definitely the best, but for a couple of bucks the premade slices aren't that bad. And the huge screen in the back is nice to watch sports while you're there.", 5, 9], "t6UxJT6iMpol5fktzKntUQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/24/2008", "The previous two reviews really highlighted what is good and bad about Sammy's. This place is authentic New York style pizza. That means two things, 1) they do thin, hand-tossed crusts with basic tomato sauce and mozzerella cheese, and 2) they make a bunch of pizzas in the morning and leave them out all day for people to buy slices from.I would not eat anything I ordered from inside the restaurant unless I was absolutely starving. I got a chicken parm sub there once and it was okay; it didn't kill me but it wasn't Louie's Lunch quality, that's for sure. The slices are just not worth getting. If I want reheated pizza, I'll do it myself tomorrow morning, thank you. This is no fault of Sammy's, the same holds for Mama T's, Sinbad's, and CTP. Of these, Sammy's does actually have the best reheated slices: Mama T's is neutral, and Sinbad's and CTP taste like dirt and cardboard, respectively.  So where Sammy's shines is in making whole pies. And I mean, come on, you have to give them a chance, that's where a pizza place gets to do its work. Now, I have not had a great variety of their pizzas. I will say that their meat lovers' pizza had an indescribably vast quantity of ground-up animals on it, was completely black on the bottom, and leaked so much grease that I had to put a towel under the box for fear it would ruin my table. It was not my favorite thing in the world but it did the trick and I didn't want to eat for a few days thereafter. But the reason why Sammy's is still getting my business is that they make THE BEST CHEESE PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD. Their plain pie has a simple elegance the likes of which are rarely seen. The dough is perfect and gives rise (no pun intended) to an excellent crust with a nice chewy little twang to it. You can really feel the gluten in the flour giving it that stretch that so many puffy, doughy crusts lack. The sauce is subdued, with no harshly sweet or rusty overtones, and kept to a minimum in quantity, allowing the cheese to interface with the crust and adhere nicely. And to top it all off is just the right amount of cheese, with that nice saltiness that sits on top of a layer of true fresh mozzerella when it is baked. Delicious. I have had so many of these pies, and every one is as good as the last. Get the 19\" and eat if yourself.  Basically then, the three star review is just an average. The walk in stuff gets one star, the specialty pizzas get three, but the cheese pizza, the best in Ithaca, that's five stars.", 3, 11], "4TSdbAbGvtX0QNGpnB7fIQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "10/19/2008", "Probably the best NY style pizza in Ithaca. But thats not saying too much. Its no pizza my heart, but good enough to satiate a pizza craving. On a side note the best pizza is ordered by the slice from a counter and reheated.", 4, 4], "0V3nczRxV_t1RKd_mpyqDQ": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "8/14/2008", "I personally like Sammy's a lot. I don't know about the pizza that's left out, I only order whole pies, but I really like it compared to other pizza joints in town. I also like Pizzaroma about as much.Of course, I'm from VA, so there's a lack of really good pizza. Maybe I'm biased.", 4, 4], "vRpzW6BRmlHLiHUxbp3syg": ["Yelp", "Sammy\u2019s Pizzeria", "7/12/2008", "One of the best pizza places in Ithaca. Situated right on the commons, Sammy's Pizza offers a wide variety of pizza, more than the big chains (which I don't think there are any in the city of Ithaca) Very affordable too. I usually buy the medium pizza (for $10) and it lasts me at least 3 meals. It gets crazy during the school year when Cornell and Ithaca College are in session, but so does every other \"fast food\" restaurant. They have a widescreen tv too.", 5, 9]}
{"4gWYFCPKszVsvoVUXtcGzw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "2/11/2019", "If you want healthy, fresh, delicious food quickly, then this is the place. The greens are always fresh and you can add whatever meat( or other protein) and lots of vegetables to make their bowls exactly what you want. Yes, it is not as cheap as McDonald's or other fast food, but you get what you pay for!", 5, 0], "y_a_Xp1hBVifD6udg4fA-g": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/7/2018", "The concept is a great idea, and I want to like this place but it's just awful on execution and management. It started good, but throughout the months it's become terrible. (1) Inconsistent cooking. The steak here has become hilariously bad. Last time I ordered it, it was the most rubbery protein I've ever had. I'm not usually a picky eater, but I had to just stop eating because the steak was so springy. I chewed a piece over 30 times and still couldn't break it down. This happens bc they try to cook it too quickly without proper attention. Also when they cook the steak, they just cut the whole thing into pieces without discarding the gristle. So this last time, they gave me the last scoop of steak available (bc they are always running out of everything). Every third bite was just straight up gristle. Generally the cooking is just inconsistent. I usually get the greek-yogurt Caesar dressing, and I could tell one time that it wasn't made by accurately following the recipe. It was overpoweringly sour and had a much more dense texture that made it less like dressing and more thick like hummus. This kind of mistake happens quite often with several of the ingredients and it just shows that management doesn't care about quality control. (2) Inconsistent portions. I usually get a double portion of protein when I go here, but since they are always running out everything, they usually rip you off when you order double anything. Last time I ordered just a single portion of steak, they didn't even have enough but they just tried to slide it by me. They only put 5, very small slivers of steak on top of my salad and tried to pass it as sufficient. When I said something the manager came by and agreed with me and gave me more, but it's just not a good look when employees are too lazy to ensure you get the product you are paying for. (3) Ridiculous waiting time. I understand there isn't much you can do with waiting time when there's a huge crowd, but even when no one is there the workers work mind-numbingly slowly. It's not hard to put chopped meat and veggies in a bowl, but somehow they have found a way to mess this up. I love the idea of a health-centric fast food place like this in Ithaca. Unfortunately, it's pretty much the only option of it's kind in town which allows management to let this place slip into quality decay. When the quality of the food is at its best, this place is worth it. But in the last couple of months, they have almost purposefully deteriorated to the point where they cannot justify the high prices they charge. I'd recommend trying to get something at Wegmans across the street instead.", 1, 0], "Aw6w0WQCgHO1lByX1cdWvg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/4/2018", "Terribly slow, disorganized...Service is terrible. Thank goodness the food is good...probably not worth the wait and frustration, though.", 2, 0], "ArGAUe93Lms_1nFwrwnGXg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/16/2018", "Don't expect to place your order in any less than 45 minutes. Pretty consistent customer and it always takes obnoxiously long to put chicken and vegetables in a bowl. Not quite sure what the hold up always is, as the only ingredients being cooked are chicken and steak, neither of which is made to order. Maybe consider mixing in an employee or two with even a slight sense of urgency.", 1, 0], "ZBvAv0RhZrfC9Nl2YVZzgg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/15/2018", "Hugely crowded in the late afternoon! We were sandwiched between two groups of about 15 college students each; the cashier said it would be like that until closing. There were only two counter workers to begin with, which seemed like poor planning for what was already known to be a super-busy evening and they couldn't even begin to keep up. I ordered a small broth-based vegan bowl and it really was small besides being uninteresting and pricey. We were overcharged for one of our meals but it was easily worked out when we went back to the cashier. After we left, we went looking for another small meal because we were still so unsatisfied. Not going back.", 2, 0], "LHKRpKHh_G4luHbX7dlGLA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/4/2018", "I've been eating at Corelife since literally the day it opened, but after a recent experience I don't think I can patronize this establishment anymore. The first red flag was the length of the line compared to the number of people sitting at tables -- the line was not too bad but growing, while the tables were nearly empty. After waiting 45 minutes on line (which is ridiculous, they don't even cook the food in front of you, and the line wasn't absurdly long), the salad bar was a mess and they were out of key ingredients. Despite the growing line, the workers seemed to be in no rush, and I had to constantly remind them what goes in my salad based on the menu. I ordered the tuna poke bowl, in which I received one measly scoop of tuna (the star ingredient). Historically I had been given at least three scoops, but I guess they are trying to control portions since they are clearly so undersupplied. Upon paying, I was not offered a slice of bread and got a lemonade -- which tasted rotten. Overall, an incredibly subpar experience in a restaurant I used to love. I will no longer return.", 1, 0], "ab2m5qZ1nyknHqUc3Zky_A": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/20/2018", "First time at one of these, but love this type of food. Menu looked great, and it was hard to choose! I picked the poke bowl. It was sort of bland. I also had to remind the guy behind the counter that was supposed to go on it, based on the menu. I'll have to try something else next time I'm nearby. Also, I was hungry soon after. I got the normal size portion, with protein of course. Hmmm.", 3, 0], "WeBOdYeQ4wwfe4mQ7HO2JA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/19/2018", "Came here with my family and was super disappointed. We ordered a Thai noodle bowl, a Mediterranean salad and a make your own salad bowl and none of us enjoyed the food. The noodles kind of had a weird flavor, and they had run out of falafel while making the salads, not fully preparing them. Additionally, I substituted chicken for tofu, and the tofu was basically flavorless. Overall a disappointing experience.", 2, 0], "ZH6iIT9fZapUgIzSMp5xCg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/15/2018", "Good concept poorly executed and takes too long. Ordered the spicy chicken grains bowl, it was made wrongly using bbq chicken and I was offered bbq sauce. They asked if I wanted it as it was done? I asked for them to remake it but when I sat down to eat it there was no quinoa! Back inside again to get given a bowl on the side. Salad was below average and experience was poor , wont be returning . Service v slow and appeared to be learning on the job.", 2, 0], "5uxOhXvRC92gnfaQQl_Y_w": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/16/2018", "Delicious and tons of great options for all four seasons! Today is a hot, humid day, so the watermelon salad and the kale Caesar hit the spot. Enjoy filling up with healthy options!", 5, 0], "yprYxA6qhUdiqhSq8dTbMA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/2/2018", "Love the concept and all the healthful options. USA needs more \"franchises\" promoting this, would love to find one out in California.Grain, salad, soup, noodle or rice bowl base options make it enticing to frequent this for a quick bite or lunch...", 5, 0], "Zs-XZxZiYAho_j8cRDkpBA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "6/19/2018", "This used to be a favorite. Until today that is. My steak was so overdone it was like rubber. The quinoa was half cooked. The service was slow so my food was cold by the time I started eating it. I barely ate half of my food. I won't be back.", 2, 0], "nhZNTL-Fg6yeFu7csH7vjQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "6/3/2018", "This weekend was the first time I've ever eaten at this place while visiting my sister- someone who raves about this establishment! On Friday night we went, and it was SO GOOD. I got one of the special warm rice bowls and it was perfect. So flavorful, all the ingredients were fresh, I was officially obsessed. Flash forward to Sunday night, my sister and I were coming home after a very long trip and we heard that you could order online, so we did and picked it up on our way back. This meal was a total 180 turn to a super disappointing meal. I had ordered the poke bowl and when I got there the girl was like oh, we ran out of a bunch of things but you can substitute it- even though they were already packed and ready to go. This just irked me because on the online they specifically ask for your phone number in case they have questions about your order. No call, just a disappointing poke bowl with no avocado and no kale- the only \"green\" was scallions and cabbage. My sister's steak was so dry, and her bowl missing key components like falafel. I'm not sure if it's because it was late (8:30 we placed the pick up time), or if it was because it was Sunday but in either regard, unless you're hitting up this place at a popular day/ time, I would think twice. Bummer, CoreLife", 2, 0], "prkEwZLPpMo9QSPH3ayJGg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/20/2018", "Go with the warm rice bowls. They're each very tasty, and enough food for two people, so they're cost effective as well. However, they lose a star because the folks behind the counter are so sloooowww. 30 minute line for 12 people. And nobody seems like they're in a rush in the slightest behind the counter. Folks were walking out of the restaurant because of what, anywhere else, would have been a perfectly reasonable line. All in all, food is a big win in every way, but damn, pick up the service!", 4, 0], "ib5wldhBuuTtyAC8m6PK6Q": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "3/14/2018", "Nice selection of food, nice location, but the best part of this establishment is the staff. The people making the food are kind, patient, and take the time to make sure you have an enjoyable meal. The last 3 times I've been here, the manager has walked around asking people how their meal is, how they're doing, and picking up people's empty plates and trash for them. The food is great but it's the service that keeps us coming back!", 5, 0], "S0oocsbIE_WtyNLFOC7O6A": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "2/21/2018", "Okay, I really appreciate that the manager commented on my review!! I've been back several times and now the employees really know what they are doing. Food is still AMAZING!! Prices still are on the high side. EAT HERE!!!!!", 5, 0], "ixAd_RvJJzr6-QoTAD4wfw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "2/19/2018", "This is hands down the best salad place in Ithaca. There are almost infinite options of salads to get. Coming from Southern California I definitely was missing great health food but I don't have to look any longer! Core life satisfies all of my healthy cravings. I got an arugula salad with cucumber, tomatoes, cranberries, garbanzo beans, chicken, and miso dressing. This salad was amazing! My friend got a poke bowl and also loved it. If you are looking for fresh healthy food come to CoreLife!", 5, 0], "IMnu5pPLidWtFM5oJR-j8Q": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "1/12/2018", "Not what I'd really call a Steakhouse at all - tho theirs is quite adequate indeed!This place is a wonderful surprise when you want something healthy, fast (but not fast food), and filling but with great calorie counts.Satisfying, nourishing salads & grain bowls (purple rice, brown rice, quinoa, etc....)A small bowl easily fed my wife AND me...great portion sizes of clean-eating food!!I only wish this was a Mom & Pop biz, but damn, it's hard to drive to Lowe's or Home Depot and not stop in!!", 5, 0], "toFkXDqv-4M-W-tLSUsQig": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "12/8/2017", "I really WANT to like this CoreLife location. I really do. I've tried getting food from here - both takeout and eat-in - on multiple occasions though, and I'm just always left disappointed. I especially shouldn't feel like it's a chore to pick-up takeout from here, but it always ends up feeling like one. After my experience stopping there for takeout last night, I figured it was finally time to write a review. I had used the CoreLife website with the Ithaca location specified and scheduled a takeout pick-up... I knew I would be in a rush after work, and it seemed like a good plan. Unfortunately, when I got to the eatery? My food wasn't ready. They hadn't even started preparing it. Three bags of takeout were sitting on the pick-up counter, none of which were mine. *sigh* 'Lo and behold, the receipt for my order was sitting on a little shelf in front of the cash register... nobody realizing it was there. The cashier near the pick-up counter apologized for the mix-up and told me it would take a few minutes. Once my food was finally ready (about 10 minutes later), I headed out. Unfortunately, once I was able to sit down to my broth bowl (beef broth with rice noodles, napa cabbage, grass fed steak, hard boiled egg, carrots, cucumbers, and fresh mushrooms), the entire combination was just so... tasteless. I make broths on a regular basis, and beef broth certainly doesn't have to be tasteless. (Sidenote: I've tried their chicken broth bowls and everything too, with various combinations of ingredients... and the broth itself always seems tasteless. How much sriracha or whatever else should I have to add to a broth bowl in order for there to be SOME KIND of flavor?) Again, disappointment hits.TL;DR I've given CoreLife multiple chances and I think my experience last night was the last one they're getting. I paid $19 for a flavorless broth bowl and a \"meh\" squash soup for my friend's dinner. The food is NOT worth it... and the service is lacking.", 2, 38], "BIpF8aDCt80VkhiuF5SqLg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "12/1/2017", "Yooooooo core life is the core... to my life.. bruh. If I had a child I would name it after this restaurant. He'd be like why'd you name me core life, mother? I'd be like because this restaurant has multiple options for vegetarians, do you have multiples options for vegetarians? No I didn't think so. You wish you did. Live up to your name. You're a disappointment to the family. Get a job.", 5, 2], "jLTrMtHKhBizeGpodnsMGw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/28/2017", "i will start off by saying that i do frequent the core eatery in new hartford and it's great! however this one is filthy and the employees have no urgency and run out of food. i saw two of them wrestling in the kitchen. i also saw another employee drop an cleaning rag in the soup, he removed the rag but left the soup for serving. every table and the floor were filthy. i tried to contact core twice, no response. the food is always good but we won't be back to this core eatery!", 1, 0], "5DIYXYii-Gk6oXmzITsIog": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/13/2017", "CoreLife is such a wonderful, healthy option! My family and I love the food. My favorite dish is the Tuna Poke grain bowl. The ingredients are always fresh and delicious. I would like to put one particular employee from the Ithaca, NY CoreLife Eatery in the spotlight: Heather M. She is all that is great in the world. It is such a pleasure knowing that CoreLife takes the time to hire such quality employees as Heather M. She made me feel as though my small problem was the most important and went out of her way to correct the situation. Thank you CoreLife and Heather M. for being such an asset to our community.", 5, 0], "dC3zipvazOyKNMA8vZvJFw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/5/2017", "CORE is one of my favorite Ithaca restaurants, I love their bowls! Food is fresh, they have a large selection of toppings & ingredients to choose from, there is also a large beverage selection with many different types of teas, lemonades etc that are unique & very tasty! I always get the same bowl quinoa, romaine lettuce, cucumbers, red onion, kalmata olives, soy beans, feta cheese, baked tofu & cucumber basil dressing, it is AWESOME, delicious, fresh & healthy! Definitely recommend! Give it a try & you will be in love!", 5, 0], "rvxbyYufZl98ZJV79j-tEw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "11/2/2017", "Do not eat here, while the food appears fresh and healthy I ordered a salad and got a rock in the lettuce that wasn't obviously cleaned well and it chipped my tooth and they are not taking responsibility and have a loss claim person arguing and insulting instead of just taking eaponaibility. While it is not intentional I have never seen a company not take responsibility for a rock that damaged my tooth. Do not eat or support this company. Such a shame, it's a great concept but customer service not good. They actually said as the rock was embedded in the lettuce it is not their fault. Right it is my fault my tooth is chipped. Shame on them. Dangerous place to eat. Terrible experience for me.", 1, 2], "ZMBoVH6k_2Hq0mZeIhA4eg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "10/26/2017", "We tried the sriracha ginger tofu salad and the spicy chicken/ancient grains bowl. ***The sriracha ginger bowl was tasty and fresh. It had quite then kick to it- definitely the bowl to get if you need a zest of health in your life. My friend was at the special point of hangry that requires nutrition as well as substance, and this was just the thing to satisfy. It's a kale salad, so it'll last for a day or two, which is important as they give you a large portion of food here. We recommend trying it. ***The spicy chicken with ancient grains is difficult to judge because I had it loaded up with sriracha. Quite spicy, just as I like it, but others won't likely feel the same. The chicken was juicy and marinated. Better that the chicken you'll find at comparable places- and it's anti-biotic free.I'd order this again, sure, but there's so much else to try. ***Service was friendly and kind. They offered us boxes. *** BATHROOMS ARE AMAZING. CLEAN AND SOMEHOW COOL TO USE.***We'll be back.", 4, 0], "y6XeSYzUmat8g002yznAEg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "10/23/2017", "This is a great place for lunch and dinner. The type of food here is incomparable, and the drinks are incredible.. no soda but all different sorts of organic lemonade flavors. The prices aren't high either. This is a perfect place to go when you're looking for a genuinely healthy meal.", 5, 0], "Dao7F7au_yd8a0SWDq9vDw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "10/16/2017", "My wife and I were looking for some healthy eats after binging on wine the last 2 days. Core Life satisfied that need with some of the best and simplest fast food dishes I've ever had.My wife got the falafel bowl which was great. For the extra buck or two you should double up the falafel.I got the steak and miso sauce dish with double protein. The steak was a bit tough for me if I'm being picky, but again, for fast food this is exceptional.Would return again.", 4, 1], "ezI1ouiSzTB_b2D5KK09Iw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "10/10/2017", "This is a sweet place, sweet idea, and invested in giving back to the community. It's a business that is built on using non-GMO, organic, locally-sourced foods for health. That's pretty sexy, but why be bland? I'd heard from colleagues that your soups were bland, but I thought maybe it's what they ordered? However, eating your soup at lunch today - the Shiitake Mushroom & Roasted Tofu - I'm a wee bit bereft and hungry because I believe fervently that you can insult me, disagree vehemently even, but you may not bore me. The tofu appeared to be marinated, but it had no flavor. The broth also lacked flavor. The lemongrass was undercooked. The mushrooms were tasteless. Best analogy? It's like dating a really beautiful person that you take out on a date and find out instantly that they are very boring. So lovely to look - but that's all. I think though, if you added sesame oil and a touch of real salt and a dash of pepper with some sriracha on the side you'd be cooking with gas. I'm a great cook so I can be hard to please, but know that if you spiced this dish up, it might just move from bland to blazing.", 2, 5], "eti21iWA5LWOUEaA1EV8Og": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/26/2017", "small bowl is the same portion as the kids bowl, the chicken even less than kids bowl.chicken broth has no taste at alloverall, price is not cheap and the food doesn't taste good", 1, 0], "Igifln1ZRcESCW8qLv08oA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/19/2017", "How is this a 4 star eatery? The \"Grain\" bowl was 9/10ths kale with huge, inedible stems. The tofu was cold and rubbery. The Sriracha was doused on with a heavy hand despite my saying I didn't want it very hot. Add staff who ignored me repeatedly and a condescending attitude and this gets a zero star from me. My husband ate half of my meal and I came away hungry. He didn't like his either (cold, unappetizing and not what the photo on the menu showed), but we both were very hungry after a full day with very little to eat so we didn't leave any food on our plates.", 1, 1], "6lTeT10J5Rz0H4MSrBCGeA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/19/2017", "You know that stereotype, that healthy food is a chore to eat? But in recent years we've all had beautiful kale salad's and lovely meals that demonstrate this is not the case? Core life eatery believes that healthy food should be a chore to eat and taste terrible. I got to the Thai chicken noodle bowl. It was mostly a huge bowl of raw cabbage. Raw bitter cabbage. With maybe 2 ounces of chicken and a tablespoon of nuts thrown in. The noodles were undercooked, the broccoli was raw. The cucumbers were bitter. And the cabbage was bitter. Folks if you were going to base your restaurant on Raw vegetables, you need to taste them. You need to purchase vegetables that taste good. My husband got the steak noodle bowl. It was mostly a bowl of raw kale And not that lovely saut\u00e9ed or marinated kale that makes you say \" wow kale is not that bad\"This was not that. It was just bitter bitter kale cut up in large pieces and eaten raw. My son got the broccoli cheddar soup. What could go wrong with a bowl of classic comfort food? Who knows, but it was bitter, and none of us could finish it. The ambience is clean and new. The staff is mixed, some friendly, some surly, they plopp things in a bowl like you're in the cafeteria- The first place you learned that healthy things had to taste gross. So there you go - clean new cafeteria to encourage you to eat your vegetables, but not to like it.", 2, 3], "epId6A8J5Omw40Zvs3korA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "9/7/2017", "I am sooo happy we have a CoreLife now! I'm seriously there 3-4 times a week and almost always get myself a broth bowl for lunch and a poke bowl to bring home for dinner.", 5, 2], "jOg0Tw-8Y3SK5CFPG_-m0g": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/10/2017", "This is my favorite healthy food place in town. Lots of fresh yummy greens that you can combine in any way you want, and meat cooked fresh every time (they cook the chicken in front of you so you can see it!) it really tastes great!!!", 5, 0], "s5DeQB_G2DN2J0q_lREzWg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/9/2017", "I tried corelife eatery for the first time. As I came in and explained this, the staff were extremely helpful and let me sample the tofu and dressings. I ended up ordering their suggestion, the southwest bowl, except I wanted Tofu instead of meat and explained I was a vegetarian. The order was to go and I was very excited to eat the salad bowl. When I got home, I was extremely disappointed to find out there was CHICKEN mixed into the bowl instead of my request, TOFU! I am a vegetarian! I would advise the staff to be a bit more aware of modifications to orders, as I could not enjoy the salad bowl at all!", 3, 1], "NUJeMqk7tRuUE7MlJ4GEEA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/3/2017", "I love this place. Went here on a whim a few weeks after they opened and have been back three times. Great salads; always fresh, and the quinoa bowls are also yummy. Service has been friendly and helpful (I have silly dietary needs, and the staff is always super understanding and quick to ask or offer up suggestions to make my meal perfect) My favorite part about Core Life is the beverage selection: love all of the colorful delicious choices. Keep it up! I'm a big fan.", 5, 0], "-uZrAAlY7ZH7PKh2m0W5Tw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "8/2/2017", "I'm not from this area and originally planned to go to the Chipotle next door to use our BOGO coupon but the storefront really caught out eye. Really love the concept of this place, they use fresh and organic ingredients to make their salad bowls, grain bowls or soups and you can custom-make any of the 3. We ordered the tuna poke grain bowl and the ginger steak salad. Both were really good and the the workers always ask to make sure you are okay with the ingredients while they make it, it's a lot easier than every person having a special request to remove/add something. Only complaint is that they put much sauce for both of our liking so order your sauce on the side! I tried the beet juice lemonade since other reviews had mentioned it and I surprisingly liked it as well, I never had beet before. The drinks are self-serve so we filled up our drink before we left (not sure if it was a allowed but we did it anyways lol)", 4, 0], "5-8EMHw9osi9sHXnM0IaZQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/27/2017", "I came here with my family while visiting the area. I was so pleasantly surprised to see something like this! I loved the fresh, healthy options and of course all the yummy juices! My sister and I both got the spicy chicken and ancient grains. It was delicious and deceivingly large! Everything was so fresh tasting but you definitely need to like beets! My mom made herself a salad and loved to. We sampled the juice bar to find what we liked. I went beet lemonade (but had to dilute it with water as it was a little sweet for my taste). It was awesome. (Needless to say, I like beets). My sister got the cucumber basil lemonade and my mom got the cranberry cayenne lemonade. The batch she had didn't feel very cayenne-y, and it was also very sweet. Oh and we also got a side of their summer squash --- DELISHOverall, I really enjoyed it and for the three of us I spent $37, which I thought was a great value for everything we got. We'll be back!", 4, 1], "-jZ1OAASGPrjL2dljzpBdA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/25/2017", "Good place for lunch. Salads are fresh and soups are tasty. They also have a good selection of lemonades: the beer lemonade is my favorite. I had the steak bowl and a tomato basil soup. Yummy!", 4, 1], "7hAfHC6D8Cgu465dyaxPKQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/24/2017", "What a great spot to get something quick and healthy. Everything was incredibly fresh and surprisingly affordable. To get a grain bowl with all the veggies and double meat just over $10. The meats were all fresh and I even watched them slice the steak fresh from the slab for mine! Customer service was fast and friendly and even with a small line took only a couple minutes. I looked up this place and see they're popping up all over. Find one near you! I'll be back for sure", 5, 0], "vWgjF8mPg4MhtSIuxFUxfg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/19/2017", "If you're looking for fast food that's actually healthy you've found it! Is it the best food I've ever had no. Is it healthy yes! Are the staff helpful yes! Is it clean yes! The prices are also very good. When I'm in a rush and need food fast this is where I go.", 4, 0], "70fJlLjPayAa26G8HVDIzw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/10/2017", "What a wonderful dining experience! My fianc\u00e9 and I went in looking for some quick and healthy food. What we found was wonderful service, delicious food, and all in all nice atmosphere. I got the Tuna Poke grains bowl, and my body is happy and satisfied! It was so nice to grab food (which was pretty quick service) and eat something that is good for you. Yes I would say it was a little pricey, but you could pretty much spend that at a not so high quality place (some fast food places) and feel like garbage afterwards. Highly recommend and this has quickly become a place we will continue to frequent! ^_^ two thumbs up!", 5, 0], "4-KtY9q250EVXBpO9ugdUw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/7/2017", "This place is decent, but very overrated. Their broth bowls lack flavor and barely give you any broth. Haven't had a salad from there, but I would assume it's better than the broth bowls. Either way, I think you're better off just going across the street to Panera for your soup and salad needs.", 3, 1], "ZBc1IVW3tMbXknR6h-a5Sg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "7/4/2017", "If you're feeling virtuous and have money to burn, this is the place for you. Otherwise, head over to Wegmans and buy the same meal from the produce section for a third of the price. I was excited about the whole foods concept of this restaurant, but expected the dressings and flavor combinations to be much more thoughtful and creative. Everything was so basic, I was pretty disappointed. No seasoning on the tofu, bland dressings. All the veggies are raw, which is great if that's your thing, but I personally am not a fan of gigantic, tough broccoli heads in my salad.", 2, 3], "Qhw2O5T5kx7v5fD7B0jorg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "6/7/2017", "Hate to give them a two, but I think its well deserved. Have tried this place over and over again hoping for a better a experience and I have sadly always been disappointed. The meat has always been overcooked, from the steak to the chicken. Cooked veggies are well seasoned, but never seem to be cooked right, either burnt or underdone. Sadly the only thing great about this place is the drink/juice bar", 2, 1], "4-zE12aufe-W3BWsfT1UHQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/29/2017", "From the produce arranged on display behind the counter to the variety of fresh juices and lemonades, this place is kinda a Sweetgreen knockoff, which for me ended up being its downfall because it automatically had big shoes to fill, and failed to. The menu is a variety of \"bowls\" - salads, grain (wild rice, quinoa, etc), and bone broth bowls. There are plenty of pre-set options (too many, in my opinion - the menu is a little daunting especially for a first time visitor) and you can also choose to build your own. They also have an option of a \"platter\", which basically is a protein as a main choice with some of their veggies as sides, and they have a few \"vegetable broth bowls\", which I didn't order but assume is a fancy way of saying soup. I ordered one the Southwest grain bowl (Warm wild rice blend, antibiotic-free chicken, chopped romaine, avocado, jalapenos, tortilla strips, tomatoes, black beans, scallions, corn, shredded white cheddar) and got it with the suggested dressing, a lime cilanto jalapeno vinaigrette. They build the bowl in front of you in a Chipotle-style way. I also ordered one of their lemonades (although I opted to get something else instead - I believe a coconut milk fruit punch?)The fruit punch was fantastic, and it was hard to choose between all of the options for drinks that they had. It was wonderfully refreshing and really flavorful. The bowl, on the other hand, was just okay. I thought they weren't very generous at all with the chicken, but my main qualm was that the ingredients were just not that fresh. No, they weren't terrible, but there was such a stark difference between the quality here and the quality at Sweetgreen. It was painfully clear that I was eating at a chain establishment, and my friend felt the same way. All of that being said, I am really glad this place is in Ithaca because it provides such a nice alternative to the abundant Asian restaurants, fast food joints, and staples like CTB. I've been complaining for a while that we needed a salad place, and we finally have one - it's just not that great. Total price was about $12 for a bowl and a drink, which is pretty reasonable, but I could have gotten just as decent a salad at Panera across the street for cheaper. I was really excited about this place opening, but went once and never returned. One major plus is that it is huge and lovely on the inside with plenty of seating.", 3, 4], "grL2h89zDh2l9HB_nn46Yg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/26/2017", "For good quality produce, innovative meal ideas, and modern interior, this place is definitely one to hit. I got the Spicy Chicken & Ancient Grains bowl and I was not disappointed. The ingredients are fresh and vibrant in color, tossed with just the right amount of dressing (or on the side of you'd prefer), and plated to a perfect, healthful mound. I also purchased a tea which gives you access to ALL the drinks they are brewing that day WITH FREE REFILLS. The drinks varied from Beet Cranberry Lemonade to Cucumber Lime Lemonade to even your standard Cold Brew (which was exceptionally tasty.) Definitely a differentiating factor of this establishment to have such a unique and healthy drink assortment. The interior design and color scheme provide a comfortable and relaxed state of mind to eat and the touches of dark wood give it the earthy feel you need to enjoy wholesome food. So much good I could say about this place, but you may as well go and experience it yourself. Choosing food that's good for you and your life, CoreLife!!", 5, 0], "IwY64n0ej8mcXe-PW9xS3w": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/21/2017", "This is an excellent choice for healthy food in Ithaca! I ordered the Siracha ginger roasted tofu bowl and it was delicious and flavorful. It comes with 1/4 slice of whole-grain bread. My son ordered the kids noodle bowl with a boiled egg (also included chicken). He enjoyed his meal as well. We will be back!", 5, 1], "WCQM1KhP2S85wx_T_Sz01w": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/21/2017", "Quality Fast food. Menu consists of Bowl dishes featuring greens, grains, protein, and veggies, cheese, and such - Essentially salads. Very filling, healthy, and delicious salads to boot. Affordable too. Wife and I were very impressed. Bowls come in three sizes. I had Medium and it was a meal!! They also have a nice selection of iced teas. Place was very clean and the workers very friendly and attentive. We are very impressed and will be back. Thank you.", 5, 1], "O_elyGjrjuSXKLI4Bannsw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/11/2017", "Tried CoreLife twice and I really want to like it. Vegan/vegetarian options, healthy choices, it's all gluten free and customizable! But frankly, it's just not that tasty/unique... I feel like I could make this at my house. Also, while the folks who work there all all quite friendly, they're a little undertrained or overwhelmed so the experiences have been far from seamless. Might try it one more time in another month or so. On the plus side, the fruit/veggie lemonades are quite good!", 3, 2], "p1vvQnr__erNZiKCun5QYw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/8/2017", "My impressions are mixed. Was super excited to try it. Do not get the sesame ginger sauce it tastes more like lemon juice than traditional sesame ginger. The romaine lettuce was pretty dirty and shriveled. I feel like they have too many ingredient options which is going to affect the freshness. It's too confusing and you regret what you got once you get to the end of the line. With chipotle next door it's a no brainer.", 5, 2], "0qtgRBNKAsRRTizbER4fDQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/4/2017", "I have eaten here 4 times since they opened two weeks ago. I love the food!  I don't eat meat, so I find the veggie selections to be wonderful. I have tried the plate, broth bowl (twice) and salad. The plate was a bit plain, but the broth bowls and salad were wonderful. I always throw in the roasted tofu, which is yummy. So far I have chosen to make my own rather than choosing an option off the menu. My only criticism is that I think all of the food should be fresh. The corn and mandarin oranges appear to be canned. Today I tried the fresh made lemonade. Yummy!", 5, 0], "F_D83ImQ_kdSIXzWDhlpbA": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "5/1/2017", "Amazing fresh vegetables everywhere! Another healthy place to eat in the Ithaca area. I visited during the first week of opening and was impressed by the variety of choices on the menu. I had a broth bowl, which tasted a little bland, but was full of fresh ingredients. Though the line was long, it moved very quickly and the staff all seemed eager to please. I plan to try a different dish when I revisit this week!", 4, 0], "k4ejSv_mgk8IuBGhLuOTMg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/28/2017", "I'm so glad ithaca got another healthy fast casual restaurant! This place is fresh and delicious! Walking in its brand new so the funky, minimalist environment is really pleasant. They have a nice patio with string lights outside to sit on in nice weather. A staff member was working the line while we waited making sure everyone was clear on the menu, how it worked, and was very personable. I decided to order the tuna poke bowl because I'm poke obsessed and until Ithaca's soon to be poke shop opens, this is one of the only poke games in town. They give you a choice of small or large bowl, both very generous! Small went a long way with me and I felt very satisfied. The veggie options are amazing- it's like having an entire grocery produce aisle at your disposal. Everything looks fresh and delicious with both pre prepared add ons and whole veggies ready to go. Even ordering a grain bowl, you get a hefty serving of leafy greens which I appreciated. Avocado doesn't cost extra and if requested they scoop out a whole half a cado for you! Sweet!The add ons didn't stop with veggies as I was offered almond slices, fresh shaved ginger, dressings, sesame seeds, and all sorts of garnish to finish my bowl off. You also get a free half slice of sprouted bread if you want it. Then I noticed the juice bar. Oh man. So many options! I went with a refreshing cucumber basil lemonade which hit the spot, but I need to try all the flavors. 10/10 for what it is. Price was about $2 more than my usual chipotle order (chicken burrito no guac). Only downside is it's new and very Ithaca friendly so the lines are long. Moves quick though! As I left I saw they are doing online orders for pick up, so I'll probably do that next time to beat the line.", 5, 2], "r_hCrSLwYJgroydNaeZJRw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/27/2017", "The menu looks great - lots of variety of the salad type. I got the Sriracha Ginger Tofu....I wanted the grain version, but ended with the salad..Looking into my bowl all you could see was spinach, dig a little - kale, keep digging and seemed like very little left to dig for. The dressing was delicious, the cucumber basil lemonade refreshing. But in all honesty, the salads at Panera looks and taste better..more value for your dollar and you can mix salad with soup. I'll try it again, but Panera and Chipotle, at this point, are overall better place for my palate to be happy.", 3, 0], "iyydOwmOLPJeKLFGOBrhkg": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/24/2017", "I attended CoreLife Eatery when they were first open, during a special event. There was a tremendously long line and I was very impressed with their ability to manage the crowds and keep everyone organized and happy. They kept the line moving at a good pace, which is no small feat. I had a build-your-own bowl. I was very pleased with my food. The food here is mostly salad-y. I felt the portions were enormous. I think CoreLife Eatery is the kind of place you have to go a couple of times to figure out a good combination that works for you. I will definitely be returning.", 4, 2], "7sq-l3Lc0iT2RHz112jAEQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/23/2017", "Great place for Ithaca standards. Selections are tremendous. Variety is great for an Ithaca restaurant. Pricing is a bit steep for the amount of food. Flavors are somewhat bland, but beats eating at another crappy sandwich shop in ithaca.", 3, 1], "SZwo5gCnNL_J8T4TAHQDiw": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/22/2017", "I would describe this restaurant as the lesser child of Panera and Chipotle. The service seemed poorly organized and forced into an awkward assembly line model. The portions were very small based on the price and the amount of meat was definitely underwhelming. All in all flavors seemed to be lacking in all three items that we had (southwest grilled chicken and rice bowl, ginger steak rice noodle bowl, and beef broth for a drink). The decor though is awesome. There is a lot of potential for this place to be good, but initial sentiments are that it is below average and I would much rather go to Panera or Chipotle.", 3, 4], "ucd5fWFo9CeMoTn36uZHjQ": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/20/2017", "corelife was amazing! such a perfect place for ithaca. there are so many options and different varieties, so you can come a million times and try something new! highly suggest building your own bowl and adding broth at the end!", 5, 0], "74BcM0ozLfqFtJ1rfq104w": ["Yelp", "CoreLife Eatery", "4/18/2017", "Wonderful healthy and tasty food with so many options you can always have something different to suit your mood. So excited to have this new place.", 5, 0]}
{"N34rQa1lLgsm6IJ6zj-P_A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "2/10/2019", "Their service is TERRIBLE. I usually don't post reviews, but my experience at this place is so awful that I feel I have to say something. The old lady who appears to be the owner has always being extremely rude to me for all the times I dining there (yes I really love their food, so visit them so frequently that one of the servers knows me). Having a meal here, you might:1. Being yelled at although you did nothing wrong (When she yells at people, she doesn't turn her face. So if you happen to be right in front of her, you will get her angry face.)2. Get food thrown at your table. Happened to me so many times that I actually have gotten used to it.3. Be forced to watch Falun Da Fa show and negative news to Chinese government.4. When you say thank you to her (such as when you are paying), she would not even look at you.Two detailed events:1. There was once I was arranged to sit at a small table right by the walkway. I put my coat at the back of my chair. The old lady came out of the cashier counter, walked by me, knocked off my coat, and just left without even a \"sorry\". I picked up my coat, put it more inside. And she returned a few minutes later, knocked off my coat again, and left as nothing happened. There were many people walking by my table that day for picking up to-go food, yet none of them touched my coat. As I was facing back to it, I didn't know how she managed to make my coat on the floor every time she passed by me.2. Another time I was dining alone again. When she about to serve my food, another table just left. She asked the server who was cleaning up that table how much tips they gave, while facing to me. The server said a number, maybe lowered than expected? She suddenly got so angry, threw my food at my table, and yelled while facing to me, \"Are you kidding me? Do they treat us as human?!\" I was so frightened and felt I was threatened to leave a good tip...But I have to say their food is great... How sad is it.", 2, 0], "0MQLjSgSypWdEIZVHNLIKA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/8/2018", "Small portion but pricy dishes. MalaTang is only okay. Hot pot is not authentic. Dishes are good but expensive. Not my first choice for Chinese food in Ithaca", 4, 0], "VxkqSUpYv7kOsGuMCZ9y3Q": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/15/2018", "I love the spicy beef with tofu, it's a typical Sichuan flavored cuisine and is definitely satisfying . The dumplings, however, are good but not homemade, it's the kind that can be bought at the Whole Foods. As a Chinese guy, I think it's a quite nice. Maybe I'll try the hotpot next time to check out if it's really the authentic Chinese food.", 4, 0], "wfLQgcy3tkhnwi1g6o-raA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/15/2018", "The food is not bad but the attitude of the lady who appears to be the owner or the manager is insufferable. This is probably something that a language barrier would help to ease, but both being Chinese we communicated in our mother tongue. She was extremely rude to me probably because we didn't order nearly as much as the two ladies sitting next to us who apparently had a very good appetite (she intentionally or unintentionally disclosed the total cost of their large order to me when I simply asked whether what we ordered would seem to be a reasonable portion for two people) or probably because I was not as white as my husband (she smiled and offered my husband a refill of his drink but completely ignored me and gave me a dirty look when I smiled at her to be courteous). When I asked how we could get some sauce (not knowing how it works there), she snapped at me yelling (literally translated): now if you want the sauce, go get it yourself. I am not going to fetch it for you!\" This was one of the WTF moments of unexpected hostility from strangers. And by the way I asked very nicely and I did not indicate in anyway that I wanted her to bring me the sauce. Yes I did not by any means expecting a five star service at this type of restaurant. We read reviews about the poor service of this restaurant and still decided to drive over an hour to have dinner there, because we heard the food was supposed to be authentic. I thought I could care less about the service, but the level of the service (or human decency) I received from this lady is a new low even for a place which is notorious for its service. But you will probably have a very different experience with her depending on how light the color of your skin is, or how much you order there, or how often you bring her business, or for some unknown reasons, because she apparently liked some customers much more than others and she was able to change her face for different customers in a split second. I don't know what I could possibly have done to offend her and yes I have better things to do at 7 o'clock in the morning than writing a restaurant review, but I feel compelled to write this. I will surely not return to this restaurant and lady you are the reason why. Next time when you yell at your employees for a bad cleaning job in front of your customers (like you did last night right in front of us), maybe you need to know that you are doing a way worse job than them.", 1, 4], "6Qx5sk1HVyKBHkdZ9aX7-Q": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/27/2018", "This is one of those, next to the train station, run-down, shady, and absolutely don't-give-a-f' about healthy ingredients type of place you would find in Asia- love it. Definitely not a place for non-adventurous, non-imbibing vegans with OCD.The food- it's OK. Considering every other restaurant on Dryden Road being slightly better than having a microwavable box meal, this is the best Chinese or Asian food you'll find in Collegetown. Expect lots of oily, fatty, meaty, spicy goodness. Recommend coming after lots of drinks and trying the fish in spicy sauce, braised beef short ribs, and the hot pot accompanied by lots of more drinks.", 4, 2], "LHR_022_9hdV7EaWrOgvZQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/19/2018", "Ordered lunch special and the beef noodles! Really love it!! Not chinglish at all! Rating should've better than just three and half stars!", 5, 0], "nezFs0S3jYNWvdqswJ55ag": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/9/2018", "Where: totally unassuming, slightly run down Collegetown basement location next to Level B.What: the best Chinese food in Ithaca.How: Get all your friends. Get the spicy hot pot. Get all the things. Eat until you cannot. It's simple, and it's good. Staff are attentive and accommodating, adding broth and checking burner temperatures throughout the meal.", 5, 1], "OXLg5a7dS_qMDz4-gjiEjQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "6/1/2018", "I have never ordered hot pot, only their regular menu. Excellent selection of entrees and seems very authentic. Definitely go for the lunch specials (~$10 per person), otherwise it can be relatively expensive. They easily accommodate larger groups which makes sharing several dishes easy. Highly recommend their strings beans and wok-tossed chicken with peppers.", 5, 0], "vHdN8kszGBY_egPMz2x1AA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/27/2018", "Best place in Collegetown. Most authentic Chinese food near Cornell. A little pricey though.Lunch specials are the most worth in terms of quantity of food and price.***Paying with cash is 10% off!", 5, 0], "pEDAssykWRAl2HJm-4ZVVA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/30/2018", "I ordered the smoked wok tossed chicken with roasted chili and dry sauteed string beans. Pretty pricy for the portion and food considering the ingredients weren't anything luxurious, just chicken and veggies. Including the delivery, it was $35 for just two items! But the food was very good, although the green beans were on the salty side.", 4, 0], "ns4YrcMTYwStIfvWZhyiTQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/12/2018", "This restaurant is definitely the best one in Ithaca. Check this place out for the best hotpot and Sichuan food in town. The owner is very welcoming and warm. I particularly love the hotpot here. Highly recommend!", 5, 0], "XZTugyDmiuL_S8y7wnf0vg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "3/8/2018", "I've never ordered hot pot; this is about the regular menu. The best Chinese restaurant in Ithaca, by far. What a treasure. My very favorite dish is the fish and tofu in chili sauce, rich and flavorful, but there are many excellent options. Pea shoots with garlic, yum. The chef is from Sichuan, according to wait staff. I have always found the staff extremely polite and helpful. Bargains available if you can get there at lunch time.", 5, 0], "90sdoXItXAQxY5_IDdydXg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/3/2017", "One of the worst experiences I had in a restaurant. Halfway through our meal, a group of intoxicated college kids arrived. They brought their own sound system and started listening to music at a very high volume. They were so lound that we were not able to have a normal conversation at our table, which was on the other side of the restaurant. Even after kindly asking to reduce the noise to a tolerable level, the manager was not able to control te crowd. The food however was excellent!!", 1, 2], "d-svuleHffDtp0-pkBoiJg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/3/2017", "AVOID AT ALL COST! Extremely poor service. It's sad that it's the only place in Ithaca that offers hot pot because the concept is great, but De Tasty Hot Pot is very poorly managed as a restaurant and the service is just awful. I have returned there a few times hoping I had just gone on a bad day, but alas they have not improved in any way. The food is pretty good, but it is not worth the horrible service & extreme long wait time: wait time for a table (even when reserved in advance), for the food itself (which most often comes with items missing that they forget to include in your order), for the checks (which are most often never split correctly), and for your cash back (which is never the correct amount you are owed). If you have standards of any kind, you will surely be disappointed coming to eat here.", 1, 1], "Qv2tLa5LDhq5dt1xHggjsA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/11/2017", "The hotpot is pretty great. The food is fresh and the service is fast. Really traditional Chinese food", 5, 2], "65AR8kSiewV3VO5k6PXW7g": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/10/2017", "Real Chinese food. Nice environment. One of the go-to place in the whole college town!!", 5, 1], "wr7ccdF6VJIOuZ0IYl6zYw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/25/2017", "Absolutely disgusting! Food was nasty and cold! Did not get what we ordered after several requests, so we ended up giving up! Will never go back what so ever! My advise is not to waste time or money going to this restaurant! Servers don't really speak English so most likely you will not get what you order and you receive what they feel like giving you!!", 1, 4], "c_gPed_ypgq2qmWYtsLN3w": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/7/2017", "The hotpot taste is good. However, food is not that clean and baby flies dancing around the source bar.", 2, 1], "XW5HAcu9m__WhiG6OZ26kQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/3/2017", "My favorite restaurant in Ithaca. Strongly recommend the hotpot: half wild and half spicy. You wont be able to find any better hotpot place nearby.", 5, 1], "62oMjLQqqcBN-vxHWSlqJA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/23/2017", "I came here for a hot pot. The price is ridiculous. It cost me $25 for a single hotpot without drinks. They listed shitake mushroom in the beef combo, and I got 3 \"needles\" of it, literally. Seriously, for $25? I was entirely a rip-off. Never coming back. Service was also pretty terrible. Servers werent't responsive at all.", 1, 1], "d7F7KUHFnfMXufX8gFXYxQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/4/2017", "This is an updated review. My last one was 4 stars. This was the best Chinese restaurant in Ithaca but now they went the way of the rest of the Collegetown restaurants. I would always get tasty Szechuan and northeastern Chinese food here. Today they treated me like a transient hillbilly. Gave me a 16.95 beef dish which should be a tasty Szechuan specialty with plenty of numbing and spicy flavors. What they brought me was this goo with only a few slices of beef that had no flavor or heat. And they charged me more than the menu. If that's the way the customers are treated they should go out of business. Or is it they way they treat someone who is not from China?", 1, 0], "ZcsHcCSoKh_tUeB8unXmCg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "8/21/2017", "This place is absolutely terrible. How does this establishment even consider itself a restaurant with their inadequate service and oily, low-cost food? The service was awful. It took us 70 minutes before actually getting our food, then the waitress only brought out one dish at a time. There was no one to get us water, rice, or a serving spoon. Hell, there wasn't even a person in sight that we could complain to. On top of that, the food was very oily, and it's obvious that they try to lower food costs by filling their dishes with crappy ingredients. I mean, we ordered a spicy chicken dish and the plate was literally 75% dried up chili peppers and 25% over fried popcorn chicken. This place needs to stop being so cheap by hiring more staff, incorporating better ingredients and serving fair portion sizes. Better luck going to Panda Express.", 1, 2], "zA1tNIi1BxGC-C5Zuw83hQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "8/19/2017", "Worst hot pot I have had in my life.The soup base itself tastes like instant noodle soup,the meat are not fresh at all.", 1, 2], "LNFsXLVRK72GkkE98RLuPw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/23/2017", "I'm so reluctant to go to a Chinese restaurant because it's usually a very typical American Chinese. This place is actually authentic and has the kind of strong and rick flavors that an authentic Asian place should. I was quite happy with the vegetarian options and the variety of flavored available (which is quite rare in vegetarian food)", 5, 1], "Jx1sbCcUw058RCb3gmcB6g": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/7/2017", "A hidden gem among the overwhelming amount of Asian restaurants in Collegetown. I'm glad I found this place- it seems to have some of the most authentic Asian food in the area. My friends rave about the hot pot, but personally, I love their sesame chicken.", 4, 0], "rR0OUnvtKlRjzNBiYs0EJQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/27/2017", "Terrible service, cold food, and automatically charged 20% gratuity (without ANY warning on the menu) for a party of 5?! Come on, be better.", 1, 2], "s2_Ryb4JxxYZ5kfMLEYRhA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/16/2017", "I enjoyed my hot pot, but the food definitely had MSG in it. A few minutes after leaving I was nauseous and had the headache and facial pressure that is characteristic of a reaction to MSG. Not many restaurants use MSG anymore, so this is concerning.", 1, 2], "23-xS6fQXzz7WrHfal6PXQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/8/2017", "I used to like this place for their tasty and authentic Chinese food despite of their unattentive service. However, I was totally disappointed this time. My husband and I ordered two Chefs Special entrees: braised pork with preserved vegetables and stir-fried kidney with squid. Both come in appetizer portion and poor quality. The braised pork belly they used for the entrees is exactly the same as what they use for the hot pot. That is too thin for braised pork! The pork is too salty and the preserved vegetables is blend. The squid taste as like rubber. The two entrees cost around $15 each. However, I still feel hungry after the meal!This gonna be my last visit.", 1, 2], "u4uDB0Dl0NBcJO5Q3hc23A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/14/2017", "Surprisingly good Sichuan restaurant in College Town. Lunch specials are $8.95 for rice, hot and sour soup, and a main. We tried the Kung Pao Chicken and Mapo Tofu, both were reasonably authentic renditions of these classic dishes, the mapo tofu especially had a good amount of both heat and numbing. Oddly the rice was stale and the soup wasn't very good, and the service is bad.Lots of Sichuan classics on the menu, including hot pot, which I'll have to come back to try.", 4, 3], "CiVojVPFdEqnGo2uaCU0EQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "2/18/2017", "Ok so I got f15 and it was p good would come again on a February breakLike, comment and subscribe for more reviews !!!", 4, 1], "22nSwa_FpYoZok7Pimb4Hg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/29/2016", "Unassuming basement restaurant serving authentic Szechuan food. Excellent quality food with mediocre service and atmosphere. Recommended for lunch specials. (12/19/16)Food 5/5 | Atmosphere 2/5 | Service 3/5 | Value 4/5Pros: Authentic flavors; great lunch special prices & portion sizesCons: Restaurant decor is closer to a nightclub than a restaurant; basement ventilation not greatTip: Lunch special prices are 1/2 the price of regular dishes at decent portion sizes!-----Food 5/5This isn't your fake American-Chinese food. The chef here knows how to cook, and it shows. Meats are always cooked perfectly with delicious flavors. I like to order the Shredded Beef with Chili and Mapo Tofu dishes. Atmosphere 2/5Situated in a basement, the decor is reminiscent of a nightclub rather than a restaurant. A bit dim and poorly ventilated, the physical space itself leaves much to be desired.Service 3/5Having gone here several times, the service is average at best. Language barriers probably have to do with a lot of it. They are generally attentive, but don't expect to be treated like anything but paying customers.Value 4/5Lunch special value is definitely a 5/5. It compares to other American Chinese food places in terms of price, but much better quality (& authenticity). Regular menu price is high.", 4, 3], "ak0329ieATseDa3fHmyjtg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/29/2016", "This is an unassuming restaurant that is located in the basement of a building near Cornell university with a number of other restaurants flanking it on all sides. The restaurant was super busy due to graduation weekend at Cornell but we were seated promptly. It took a long time for the server to approach our table though. They seemed a bit disorganized. For example, they returned to our table 30 mins after our order to tell us that the steamed dumplings weren't available. Also, the restaurant was super hot so we had to move a fan directly onto us. Given that we make hot pot at home, we decided to order some of the other dishes. Also, we wanted to minimize the heat on the table. Nonetheless as per the strengths of the restaurant most of the food we ordered was spicy. One was a spicy fish dish----delicious, with large peppercorns in them. The fish itself was incredibly fresh. We also got the tripe \"dry pot\", it was good, but I was expecting better. The water spinach was delicious. We had mixed reviews on the beef appetizer. I liked it but some of my family didn't. The texture was a bit like beef belly. We also got general tso chicken and it was okay.", 4, 1], "cQ4a7zgWbo53JjOzVmu6YA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/23/2016", "This place has the most authentic Chinese food in the area. The hot pot is expensive, but the actual dishes are reasonably priced and made really well.It looks a little sketchy when you first get there since it's in the basement, but the inside is clean and well lit.", 5, 2], "vTKIi10Io9hbM3F5fGvVGA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/15/2016", "Not far from Cornell and Chinese food is great. The only bad thing is that they included 20% tips without asking us!", 3, 1], "ewWUKl1XcVk9uATfHIeqLg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "2/23/2016", "I was so happy when this place opened up. This restaurant has some of the most authentic chinese food in Ithaca. Plus, I love spicy food so now I can get some delicious, spicy noodle soup.The hot pot isn't bad, but it's expensive for how much food you get. You also have to pay extra if you want to get a bowl of sauces for your veggies and meat.Personally, I love their spicy fish and tofu (\u8c46\u82b1\u9c7c). It's tasty and the portion size is perfect AND it's under $10. Another favorite is their beef noodle soup. You get authentic, chinese noodles when you order their noodle soups. They're perfectly chewy and taste homemade. So happy that there is a restaurant in college town where I can get some authentic Chinese dishes.", 5, 3], "TMMBDJL0UNhmVG_tTPS_0w": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "1/19/2016", "Back to the time when I was at college, friends usually asked me that what do we eat in China. I'd take them to this restaurant if it was opened by then. Actually even in China we don't usually have that quality of food in restaurants.They are super strong at Northeastern dishes and Sichuan dishes. And I believe the chef is much more versatile than their two-sided menu. I can understand those 1-star reviews that are made about a year ago when the restaurant was just started. I experienced the similar service, and didn't feel good about the long waitings, wrong dishes, etc. But after the first taste of the food, I gave up any complaints. I've had dishes from some 'super cooks' in China, and I could see big potential of this restaurant. They may need to improve on services and the capability to handle rush hours, their Chinese dishes are close to impeccable, even better than what you can find in NYC.Here my review is limited to dishes, not including their hotpot. Since I've never had a chance to try the hotpot.Here I recommend two of my favorite dishes, Broiled Sour Cabbage Pork w. Rice   Noodles and Hot Spicy Stew. The first one is authentic Northeastern food, very well made with home fermented Bok Choy. The latter one is a variation of the original Sichuan dish (kebab style) but has all the flavors I seek from it. Plus its great value (You'll know if you try to make it by yourself).", 5, 3], "zsemc4C1-hIofIMsGkejkA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/1/2015", "I've been meaning to review this place for a long time - simply put, I love it, but you can't be high strung about the service, or you at least have to go in knowing what to expect.The bad: Fairly confusing ordering process and the well-meaning waitstaff (at least when I went) didn't as a group speak very great English (there was one guy who spoke perfect English who seemed to be running around extra to help the others), but it was part of the experience. All is forgotten when the food is served. The good: Hot pot is fun! You get to add your own ingredients and sauces and cook it on the table. They serve a variety of delicious Chinese foods that are hard to find in Ithaca, the space is cool and roomy, and the broths are all good. Be careful not to add too much of the chili sauce to your pot because you can easily ruin the whole thing. Definitely give this place a try especially if you're with a group, not in a rush, and looking to have a fun experience, not just a meal.", 5, 3], "hRbyVoaIgdGynnew7hKeDw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/12/2015", "Went here on a Monday at around 7:30pm with 2 of my friends for Hot Pot. When we got there, there was around a 25 minute wait. We got a shared hot pot ($10) and we got 2 pork combos ($30) for a total of $40 between 3 people. We got the spicy broth. The food tasted really good. Portions of the combos were decent, although they could have had more vegetables rather than just pile on Vermicelli noodles. My friend has been here before twice and really loves the food. My only complaint is that the service was subpar but this was only because they had only 2 wait-staff for the entire restaurant so it was understandable that they were a bit too busy to tend to everyone. As the night progressed and the restaurant emptied out, the service definitely got better.", 4, 0], "MXRJjEMJoAGrsKzwcDDoQw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/12/2015", "We ordered online and waited over an hour for it to deliver. However, after waiting for that long and getting billed, we got a call from the restaurant to tell us that they were busy and simply weren't going to prepare our food. So rude. Will not be ordering from again.", 1, 2], "ekZnyOsLPlfPvdLeE7LRmg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/7/2015", "What can I say, amazing food, cheap prices. The big crowds do not lie. I LOVED the san jiao chicken.", 5, 0], "vN8lJieaF5aAB-zB4k9PiA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/2/2015", "I love coming to this restaurant because of the food and memories I get each time. It's best to come here with a lot of people so you can order more dishes and share them family style. In particular, I really like their beef dishes and their spicy fish soup.", 5, 0], "GnLTdSOWRXgW8sKf-9tsxw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/25/2015", "It should be the best Chinese food in ctb. Traditional Chinese cuisine but not the one with lots or sugar and sauce. We order the pickle fish and pigs feet every time. Also the dessert are great. You'll feel at home here.", 5, 0], "flHskTJ-MCFuQ3BsAsdSvg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/21/2015", "Bad services and below ground environment. People in the town usually go because it is almost in the campus and a little more traditional Chinese flavor.", 1, 1], "qBiHhvOS53BZr6weRfzoig": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/19/2015", "We had hotpot here. Great food and nice staff! It's worth it to drive all the way here from Corning for some authentic yummy Chinese hotpot!", 5, 2], "JklgS3yZJRbt7nj0gbUREg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/10/2015", "Okayish food, Horrible service and Rude staff. I'd give it negative stars if that was possible. There were many issues with our service - language barrier, long wait, being told that around half the food items that we had ordered from the menu were not available, etc! The worst part of it all was towards the end of our meal. They Charged us for food we never received; when we told them about the discrepancy in the bill, the waitress argued with us that we did receive it and that we're lying. The waitress nitpicked the leftover food-bits in my friend's plate (who was the birthday girl,btw) with her bare hands, claiming that \"that was the dish we ordered\", refused to give up saying that she remembers clearly bringing the food to our table, which was a blatant lie! Lots of hand pointing by staff while they were arguing things among themselves in chinese (probably the manager guy was telling the lady to back down, and she kept refusing - we didn't understand!)This isn't the way to behave with your customers! Needless to say, I'm never returning here again, neither are my friends!", 1, 2], "J08lZJO2dr8sjJcsVRL4oA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/9/2015", "Worst service we've ever received. Decent food. Don't go here if you want even a slightly decent service.We went there in a group of 12 and ordered various dishes from the menu.The waiter came back and said that a third of the dishes we ordered were unavailable. Alright, we ordered other items instead. The waiter again comes back and says that half of the dishes we ordered are unavailable, which includes dishes he did not point out from our first order. After a lot of going back and forth with the orders, we finally place an order that includes 3 crispy tofus, a ma puo tofu, chicken lo mien and a certain fried rice, etc. The orders came in rather quickly, except for the fried rice, which never came!That is still fine. After we are done with the food, the check comes. And the nightmare begins. They include the fried rice in the check, and even though we repeatedly contest that there was no fried rice served, the waitress refuses to believe us and says that she remembers serving the dish to our table. She even points to one of us saying that she laid the dish in front of that person who had ordered it. Well, the truth is that the person who had ordered the fried rice was someone else on the table, not whom the waitress was pointing to. There was simply no fried rice served. She starts talking loudly in Chinese to another waiter, and running back and forth around our table. She even points to leftovers in our plates arguing that they are from the fried rice, which is ridiculous, since those leftovers were from plain rice mixed with curry. It was only after we speak up and point out to them how bad their service was, that the waitress gets slightly defensive and takes a step back. We finally get the check with the fried rice removed, all this while being looked at from a distance in a rude fashion, and being pointed fingers at.Seriously, the part where the waitress rudely and loudly started picking on the leftovers on one of our plates, to prove that the item was served, is just unprofessional and unthinkable. I'm not going there again, and urge others not to go there either.", 1, 5], "65HOaiFXxxQ05jLIv-PcVA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/9/2015", "Horrible service! The staff didn't understand much English. Moreover, they returned back twice after taking the order to tell us that some of the dishes we ordered were not available. And some of the dishes we ordered finally never came. They did charge us for those initially and we had a hard time explaining this to them.I would give 2 on 5 for the food but the overall experience would make my rating less than 1.", 1, 6], "ZSxwshP1T9BpqVRvq_F46A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/9/2015", "Mediocre Food, Horrible Service and Extremely Rude Staff!We went in a party of 11 and ordered dishes from the menu. The food was just passable at best. Maybe the hotpot is nice but we mostly ordered curry and noodle dishes.The service on the other hand was something we will take a while to forget. They mixed up our order and did not bring one of the items (fried rice) till the end. We were billed for the item so we asked them to remove it and that's when all hell broke loose. The waitress said that she is sure she brought the dish and she pointed to a person in our group saying she remembers very clearly she brought the dish to her (this wasn't even the person who ordered this controversial fried rice). Anyway, we tried to reason with her saying that we never received any fried rice. At this point she almost ran to the friend she was pointing her finger at accusing of eating the said rice and started imploring her to accept that she ordered the rice. At this point we were very fed up with this bizarre attitude and were more than willing to pay the bill as it is and get the hell out of there. But we would have missed the prime time showdown if that would have happened. Before any of us realized what was coming, she started pointing to the bits of leftover food in our friend's plate and trying to prove that some of the bits in there were from the fried rice she has ate and is now lying about! The scene was way beyond dramatic now. At this point after multiple protests from us about her behavior she backed up a little and went to talk to the other employees of the restaurant about what to do. This took almost 10 minutes and involved a lot of finger pointing at out table and agitated talking in Chinese. I don't understand Chinese so I can't say what they were talking about but even assuming they were praising us for our patient and understanding behavior, this is outright rude! Anyway, the check finally came, bill was adjusted to remove the extra dish but had 18% gratuity which I am sure would have been 0% had we been given the choice. But we had argued enough for one evening and just paid the bill. Of course we are NEVER going back there. So if you like dramatic restaurant episodes you are welcome to go there but please avoid this place if your intention is enjoy a good meal with friends (especially if one of you were planning to order fried rice).", 1, 8], "4B9DUXAfza1-oz3AuLZiHg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "9/7/2015", "Was there once on a Saturday night for dinner. It was quite busy but the service was fast and friendly. Two of us got hot pot and one ordered off of the menu. The hot pot was really good but the other items not so much. The atmosphere was a bit lacking but I would definitely go back for hot pot.", 4, 0], "oZU_mBETQZDphKUMeCjeXQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/19/2015", "Love this authentic slice of Sichuanese cuisine in a surprisingly spacious basement restaurant. Clientele is 99% Chinese so you know it's good. Food came immediately. Love their egg tomato noodle soup, Dan Dan noodles, lamb with cumin, and cucumber salad. On par with some of my favorite Chinese restaurants in NYC.", 5, 0], "4XWz6W4xpQdyZ2XhajPBLQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "7/18/2015", "Cannot speak of dishes but we had very good and authentic spicy hot pot here tonight. We are from Northern NJ and frequently visit Chinese restaurants in Flushing, New York and Philly Chinatown so we are fairly picky when it comes to food. We were pleasantly surprised to find good and authentic Chines cuisine in Ithaca, during our weekend trip. The spicy hot pot base was very authentic and service was fairly good. We will definitely come back if we are in the neighborhood to try their dishes.", 5, 1], "pgg60lGNL498rU0WqNOXeA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "6/22/2015", "An excellent restaurant with a large amount of options. There are many (~20) sauces to choose from and a wide variety of vegetables.Unfortunately, when we went, we were confused about how everything worked, and there seemed to be a language barrier with the staff when ordering.Also, the restaurant is pretty expensive for the area. However, it is very thorough and you get a very legitimate experience. Be careful - sometimes the waits are very long for the restaurant.", 5, 0], "qj2_zoBN-o_aNujVJaZtYA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "6/21/2015", "I went there with my friends in June, 2015. This restaurant is very spacious and nicely decorated with some good playlists. We have tried 1. Smoked Wok Tossed Chicken w. Roasted Chili 2. Stir Fried Chicken w. Roasted Chili Peanuts 3. Dry Sauteed String Beans 4. Eggplant w. Garlic Sauce in Casserole 5. Shredded Potato w. Fresh Hot Pepper. All of them are really really good, the most authentic Chinese restaurants we've tried in years! Definitely a must try if you want some good Chinese food in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "3gCf0vxWmcTzgoYwpGr6Eg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "6/17/2015", "Decent Sichuan food.Get the twice cooked pork: it's actually bacon pork and delicious.The dumplings in oil have a thick cover which is not the style I like.Otherwise decent Chinese food!", 3, 3], "9BMCrI-kb8n8FyC-R_oG8A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "6/2/2015", "I've eaten here twice and each time had the same problem. Someone orders a combo, carefully describes what they want to the waiter, then receives FULL servings of 9 different items instead of one plate of 9 items. The waiter then feigns helplessness, refuses to take any of the extra food back and you wind up paying for 5 times as much food as you wanted. A ongoing scam, or just a really bad language issue? You decide!That being said, the hot pot here is delicious. I really enjoy it. There are lots of vegetarian options, including a vegetarian broth (previously unavailable).You can expect to pay about $20 per person unless they mess up your order, which is always a possibility.", 4, 1], "pdhkPOqMIJamF3Cw7o3J9w": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/10/2015", "Very very very excellent authentic Chinese food!!! I recommend to everyone who loves authentic Chinese food. I love it so much!", 5, 0], "TC_2ZRDvAOsvBJ5yn5t0pw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "5/6/2015", "I was very impressed with everything I had there. It is almost certainly the best Chinese food in Ithaca. Our service was solid too, with the exception of a mixup in the kitchen that caused a massive delay in one of our dishes (which isn't a big deal when you order 5 dishes and share them family style). The negative reviews here all focus on the service, which is pretty ridiculous considering the food is a step above most other asian restaurants in this town.", 5, 0], "pN5ubpvbpKvm_t1zphM1rg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/25/2015", "It's more authentic than the other Chinese restaurants in Ithaca. I definitely recommend the Ma Po Tofu as it's very tasty and filling. You might want to ask for extra rice. Service is okay, sometimes disorganized as the place gets busy. Haven't tried the hotpot, but have heard mixed reviews.", 4, 1], "4NyTPHk7BjCWAbM2Hotp_A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/19/2015", "Food is good, but take-out order takes too long. The lady told me to pick it up after 30-40 minutes, but it turned out taking over an hour to get the take-out ready.", 2, 0], "geXQK-pGd_ICbA9fEsBqKQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "4/7/2015", "This place is fantastic if you want to get some Chinese food that is far more authentic than any other restaurant around. The hot pot itself has great appeal, again keeping to traditional ingredients and I love the sauce station they have by the counter to add my own flavors. I've only ordered a couple of non-hot pot dishes so I can't say too much but they've always been quite good from what I remember. The only reason I put 4 stars though is that the service was quite slow at the beginning although it seems to be improving now that they have hired more waiters. Secondly, the waiters themselves don't seem the happiest to be working there, one has even voiced that the pay is far below minimum wage with very little tip to make up for it. Otherwise, an all around good restaurant.", 4, 3], "akOslu_qMuzXoBJYNW4_zw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "3/22/2015", "This place is absolutely fantastic, particularly when you are craving real, non-Americanized Chinese food. Two of my favorite dishes are salt-baked prawns with pepper and stir-fried prawns with pickled chili and minced pork. Don't bother peeling the prawns -- just eat them shells and all. They are delicious. I have also enjoyed the twice-cooked pork with garlic and leek and the dry cooked string beans.The restaurant has had some growing pains, particularly with respect to timely service (as can be seen by previous reviews.) I typically solve this problem using IthacaToGo, so I can do something productive while waiting. The restaurant appears to stop taking to go orders during busy times (e.g., Thursday - Saturday dinners), so be forewarned. Having said that, the service issues appear to be getting better.My one complaint is that the dumplings are often served steamed when fried are requested. Even though I know about this problem, I can't stop ordering the three type dumpling...", 5, 2], "8K8sKwG48ugl3DDBe0Btxg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "3/8/2015", "Best Chinese food in town, hands down.The chef has been on a known cooking competition on TV, which is apparently why most dishes can't go wrong. They have also recently hired some English speaking staff. So any Chinese food lovers should all try here and bring the stars up. There is no way this restaurant is only given a 3 star average review.", 5, 5], "ednJf8Na0DYhprLMikOy7A": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "3/8/2015", "This restaurant is amazing. Food is great, and service is great. I am a New Yorker who has been to most of the best Szechuan restaurants in NYC, and have found this place the best! The taste of each single dishes were fabulous. My boyfriend, who studies at Cornell, and I have been here for more than five times in the past week. And we tried more than 10 dishes and hot pot.I would think that the regular menu tastes a little better than the hot pot menu mainly because of its variety. But don't get me wrong, the herbal broth here is the best!!! Expect to wait a little bit, though, for the regular menu, since they try to save spots for people who want hot pot. And just to solve the confusion about combo price, the broth price is NOT INCLUDED. So expect to pay $17 for a combo.I don't write much reviews because I am lazy. But the quality of the food here made me feel that writing a 5-star review for them is extremely necessary.", 5, 8], "zyomSJ0HZ2HEYDiiDlp_NA": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "2/7/2015", "UPDATED 161114------------The lunch specials are pretty solid - only $9 for a decent portion of food, a bowl of rice, and a bowl of hot soup. I think many dissatisfied customers of De Tasty Hot Pot may have had the wrong expecations of Chinese restaurants and Szechuan cuisine. Szechuanese cuisine is often spicy, salty, fried, and oily. That's just the style of the cuisine. As for the service at a Chinese restaurant, De Tasty Hot Pot is clearly not the Statler - judging service in stereotypical Chinese restaurants by Western standards will only lead to dissatisfaction on behalf of both parties. But as David Chang wrote so eloquently: \"Here's the deal: things do not work the same way in a Chinese restaurant as a Western one. The waittress does not come to the table and tell you her name is Amanda and the chef has this and that special and blah blah blah. Instead, she lurks around wherever she likes until you snap your fingers or wave your hands to let her know it's game time.\"-Lucky Peach Magazine Issue 5 (2012)I'm sorry if the waiters aren't coming around to ask for your order - the Western style of service is simply not something they're culturally versed in. Please give the food a try (see top items at the list below)------------This place is pretty solid. Don't get the hotpot, order from the menu. The dishes are really authentic, decent portions. The cuisine is mostly northern chinese and often spicy.I'd highly recommend the Sauteed Potatoes Green Pepper & Egglant, Dry Sauteed String Beans, Twice Cooked Pork, and the Dry Pork Intestine", 4, 13], "E1QmR_s27f5CemZyjdEviw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "1/23/2015", "Dan dan noodles! Dumplings in red chili oil! Although I haven't been to the restaurant yet, I order their food through Ithaca To Go. So yummy. Reminds me of Mary's in Cambridge.", 5, 5], "DSEtYoNWH71MyhBbJN_1pQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "1/22/2015", "We went to the restaurant tonight and loved it.  Our experience was unlike any of the negative reviews here. The waiter spoke fluent English, walked us through the hot pot menu options. Food arrived promptly and was beautiful. We had a chicken broth and a spicy broth for our single pots, and a seafood combo and a meat (pork) combo.  We also added one plate of cabbage dumplings. The seafood combo included whole head-on shrimp, mussels, fish, surimi (\"crab\" sticks), squid along with a plate of different vegetables, tofu and vermicelli. The pork combo had a plate of micro sliced pork and the same vegetable plate. The broths were complex and delicious. There was a table with additional sauces if we wanted to add more flavor.  During the meal we talked about how much fun we were having.  As non-Asians we were definitely a minority in the restaurant. We were offered forks, which we declined, as part of what we felt was excellent service.  The total bill, including tax and the 20% tip we added was $52 for the two of us.  While slightly higher than many of the Asian restaurants in Ithaca, we felt it was offset by the taste and fun. In addition, the hot pot meal takes a bit longer and the pricing may reflect the less frequent turnover. As for the spelling errors in the menu, their English abilities far surpass my Chinese ones (which are mainly limited to eating delicious food).  We will be back again soon.", 4, 12], "Q2ESs54r82REpduBM94E0w": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/6/2014", "The people who gave this place one star have no idea what they're talking about. De Tasty has some of the best Chinese food that I've had (and I'm Chinese, so I've had a lot). I haven't had their hot pot yet, just their regular dishes and it's delicious. It's really authentic Chinese food and arguably one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to.It's a bit pricey if you get non-noodle dishes and the portions aren't the biggest, but the taste is definitely worth the price. If you want to get a cheap meal, their noodle soup dishes give you a TON of noodles for around $9. If you like Chinese food, you're in for a treat if you go here. If you want to go for dinner between Thursday and Sunday, make a reservation otherwise you won't get a table. While yes they took some time to figure out the service, they've greatly improved since first opening. I wish this place had opened up sooner so I could've gone throughout my four years of college. But alas, I must just enjoy it for the remaining semester I have at Cornell.", 5, 8], "gePU_NywDehXVJCukxtp8Q": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/6/2014", "Horrible service. Totally disorganized. They messed up the menus and we ended up getting totally different things, which eventually they charged us for the wrong price. A ridiculous anecdote is that when the owner realized we had the wrong stuff she just took it away so quickly when there was still food in the plate. She said oh my god this is expensive why are you guys eating this expensive dish.I feel strongly compelled to register twenty yelp accounts to make this place one star to save other people.", 1, 19], "fK3ebzBHhKE0is5DZ2_eIQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "12/6/2014", "Best experience i had. Hot pot is always my favorite food, and this restaurant is soooo authentic. The szechuan style food also makes me happy, can't believe i can have this kind of food in college town", 5, 4], "WYIkhM6_WO9Jm6CLj9lDFg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/20/2014", "In my eyes, this restaurant deserves 1 star--solely because I like hot pot and it's really hard to mess up hot pot (since you're essentially cooking your own meal). If it was not a hot pot restaurant, it would deserve NO stars for the reasons listed below:1. AMBIANCE | The space is dingy and there is very little lighting.2. STAFF | They are extremely understaffed and barely speak any English. I understand that English can be a difficult language to pick up, but if you're opening a restaurant in AMERICA, you or at least one person on your staff should be able to speak English.3. MENU | Unless you can read Chinese or want to spend some nice quality time deciphering the poorly written menu, good luck placing your orders!4. PRICE | Extremely over priced! I ordered the pork combo. The only thing that could have been \"expensive\" was the literal pot (which they wash and reuse) and possibly the pork. Besides that, the combo included: half a plate of cabbage ($0.50), 2 SLICES of mushroom ($0.02), 2 1/2-inch thick slices of corn ($0.50), 3 SMALL PIECES of fried tofu ($0.50), 2 PIECES of wood ear ($0.10), and a small bundle of vermicelli noodles ($0.50). All of that equates to just under $3.00; add on the pork and maybe it would be $8.00, max! So, when I got my check that read $17.77, something seemed off. Turns out, they charge $4.50 for the pot & broth--and it's NOT included with the combo price of $11.95. So, what if I just wanted the combo? No, I have to get the broth too or I can't COOK my food--literally. Bottom line: OVER PRICED!5. CUSTOMER SERVICE | Their customer service is HORRENDOUS. Besides lacking the ability to communicate in English, I was the victim of racial profiling. I was the only Asian at my table and after 1 waiter could not communicate to us adequately in English, another came over and began speaking to me in Chinese--assuming that because I have ASIAN features, I spoke CHINESE (what about Korean? Japanese?). Turns out, I am Chinese and I can speak basic colloquial Chinese--but, if I couldn't, they wouldn't have even been able to take our orders. Regardless, we ate our dinner and then the check came: $17.77. Aside from what was mentioned above, we were explicitly told our meal would only cost $11.95--because we were told the combo included the broth (which would make sense since you can't eat it without the broth). I am not a confrontational person and I usually handle these situations by paying the bill, writing a Yelp review, and never returning. However, my friends are a lot more vocal than I am and wanted to speak to the manager because we were told false information. While they spoke to both the waiter and the manager, each of the staff members would not respond directly to my friends, instead, they spoke to me--involving me in a conversation that I did not ask to be a part of. Not only was this extremely rude to my friends, but also extremely rude to me--abusing my ability to speak their language so they could get out of talking to unsatisfied customers directly. Then, they had the nerve to tell me that previously, they had told me how the pricing worked--COMPLETELY FALSE. All conversation about pricing was done in English. All ordering of food was done in Chinese (since the menu was predominately in Chinese). This situation was so shocking to me and I will NEVER go back again. TL;DR | The ambiance, staff, menu, pricing, and customer service are all SO HORRENDOUS that by the end of your meal, you forget what the food even tastes like.", 1, 10], "Eh2JeH9qJyx6ciCMT-RWmw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/19/2014", "Would give this place negative stars if possible. The absolute WORST customer service experience I have ever had!I went on November 19th with 2 other friends to try out one of the newer restaurants in the area.Upon sitting down, we noticed that all of the staff did not speak very much English which is fine and not in any way a negative as long as the items on the menu can be clearly explained and the customer knows exactly what he or she is purchasing with their money. The menu was very confusing, full of misspellings and not clear in terms of the pricing: whether for the combo if you had to pay for the pot PLUS the combo price. Therefore, we decided to ask and were given answers by TWO separate staff that we would only be charged $11.95 for the combo, and not $17. In terms of the food, it was nothing special. The chicken that was given was cut into very very thin pieces and you barely get noodles so you don't get your value's worth of food especially because WE were cooking and not them. Nonetheless, for Collegetown prices $11.95 did not seem completely outrageous given this new dining experience.Once we received the check it said that we each owed $17. Trying to ameliorate the situation, I asked the waiter why this was true if we had been given the information that it would only be $11.25. What started off as an easygoing question to clarify turned into the waiters laughing at us, ignoring our questions and referring to our friend who understood Chinese (but had no part in this argument) to \"translate\"on their behalf. Not only that, but they proceeded to put the blame on our friend for her \"poor translation\". After the waitress continued fighting with us, I said \"Either I pay $11.25 or I am leaving\" did the waitress automatically begin to speak rather great English and told us we can leave. So, we did.Point is, it was a horrible experience and I will be telling everyone I know to avoid that place at all costs. There are plenty of other great Asian restaurants in the area and please do not waste your time and MONEY (especially as a broke college student).Having a language barrier is understandable but to be rude to customers who are not of Chinese descent is incredibly rude and disrespectful. Giving customers inaccurate information and then blaming it on them is unfair, unprofessional and unacceptable and I will never tolerate that.", 1, 16], "evZ1NZx1fKFuNCD16n_zcw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/19/2014", "Would give this place negative stars if possible. The absolute WORST customer service experience I have ever had.I went on November 19th with 2 other friends to try out one of the newer restaurants in the area.Upon sitting down, we noticed that all of the staff did not speak very much English which is fine and not in any way a negative as long as the items on the menu can be clearly explained and the customer knows exactly what he or she is purchasing with their money. The menu was very confusing, full of misspellings and not clear in terms of the pricing: whether for the combo if you had to pay for the pot PLUS the combo price. Therefore, we decided to ask and were given answers by TWO separate staff that we would only be charged $11.95 for the combo, and not $17. In terms of the food, it was nothing special. The chicken that was given was cut into very very thin pieces and you barely get noodles so you don't got your value's worth of food especially because WE were cooking and not them. Nonetheless, for Collegetown prices $11.95 did not seem completely outrageous given this new dining experience.Once we received the check it said that we each owed $17. Trying to ameliorate the situation, I asked the waiter why this was true if we had been given the information that it would only be $11.25. What started off as an easygoing question to clarify turned into the waiters laughing at us, ignoring our questions and referring to our friend who understood Chinese (but had no part in this argument) to \"translate\"on their behalf. Not only that, but they proceeded to put the blame on our friend for her \"poor translation\". After the waitress continued fighting with us, I said \"Either I pay $11.25 or I am leaving\" did the waitress automatically begin to speak rather great English and told us we can leave. So, we did.Point is, it was a horrible experience and I will be telling everyone I know to avoid that place at all costs. There are plenty of other great Asian restaurants in the area and please do not waste your time and MONEY (especially as a broke college student).Having a language barrier is understandable but to be rude to customers who are not of Chinese descent is incredibly rude and disrespectful. Giving customers inaccurate information and then blaming it on them is unfair, unprofessional and unacceptable and I will never tolerate that.", 1, 1], "P65tnBIX1-4ADsS09kP_JQ": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/12/2014", "I actually left before all the food came out but the place has potential. Pretty understaffed so expect long wait. Conversational knowledge of Chinese highly recommended. Also hot mainland waiters!", 2, 5], "yvQXhR7ChfGJA9nU9pzJWg": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/12/2014", "The quality of a Chinese restaurant, I hypothesize is highly correlated with the number of English words misspelled on the menu. You'll have a hard time holding in your laughter at some of De Tasty's amusing word choices and spelling mistakes. I couldn't wait to try their \"secrete recipes\", \"doodle soups\" and \"shredded potato shredded potato.\" They specialize in hot pot and Szechuan cuisine. If you have never had hot pot before, it is a simmering pot of flavored broth at the center of the table. You order ingredients off a menu and place them into the broth to cook and eat. As the meal goes on, the broth gets more and more flavorful, taking on the flavors of the meats and vegetables you cooked. SZECHUAN MENU and LUNCH SPECIALS: The Sichuan Lunch Specials are the best lunch specials in collegetown. My favorite dish is the twiced cooked pork. I also really enjoyed their Ma Po Tofu, shredded potato, and their Fish fillet & tofu w/ roasted chilies. The Kung Pao Chicken is also tasty, but this dish is better at \"Spicy Asian\" on Rt. 13 (side note - De Tasty gives you a much larger serving of rice with your meal than Spicy Asian does - a huge plus in my book). The lunch portion serving sizes are quite large and cheap for $7 - $9. The specials come with a cup of soup that is usually clear broth or egg-drop (nothing special, but a nice touch considering it's free). The dinner portions are even larger than the lunch portions and a good value. On the appetizer portion of the menu, the dan dan noodles are absolutely fantastic. Over all, if you are frugal, the regular Sichuan menu offers more food for your money than the hot pot menu.HOT POT:The hot pot is good, but in my opinion the regular menu offers a much better value. The spicy broth was great, with a very distinct clove and chili pepper flavor. You first order broth for $5 per person (or $9.50 per large pot, whichever works out cheaper). Then you can either order individual items to add to the broth or purchase a combo to add a variety of items (noodles, several veggies, and your choice of meat). My suggestion is to only order one combo to share with all the people in your party and then add other items that match your individual tastes. Buying as many combos as people in your party will be expensive. They have many tasty items to choose from: dumplings, shell fish, different cuts of meat, fish balls, 25 different types of vegetables and yes they even have \"fish tofu\". For those who have never tried \"fish tofu\", it's very tasty, but just a hint, it isn't vegetarian and tastes nothing like tofu. For those who don't like sharing a communal soup, this place has small personal pots. This way, if your dining companion is really into intestine, but you'd prefer not to have intestine flavor getting all up in your shrimp, well that doesn't have to happen. The spice/sauce bar near the counter can help flavor your soup and is especially important if you ordered the chicken or herbal stock as those are less flavorful than the spicy broth. Hot pot usually works out to be $15 - $20 per person without tax and tip.CONS: Probably the biggest downside is the language barrier and sometimes inattentive service. If you don't speak Chinese, you might have difficulty communicating with them. In addition the hot pot menu is somewhat confusing, which can make the language barrier more frustrating than at other authentic Chinese restaurants. Some of the other reviews say this place is pricey given that you cook your own meal. While the hot pot can be expensive, that statement is a bit absurd; it would be like claiming you cook your own microwavable TV dinner. All of the labor is in the prep; just because you place items into the pot doesn't mean you are doing most of the work. The \"cooking\" is part of the fun, otherwise, why are you at a hot pot restaurant. I've eaten hot pot here 3 times and paid about $13 - 20 per person before tax and tip depending on what we ordered. Note all 3 broths (chicken, spicy, and herbal) used to have a meat stock base, so strict vegetarians were out of luck as far as hot pot goes back in 2014 [[ EDIT: a waiter now told me that the \"herbal\" broth recipe has been changed to be vegetarian as of 4/20/15 ]] . Several of the entrees on the \"vegetables\" section of the menu are vegetarian. If this place were in a big city I'd probably only give it 4 stars, but I am so excited that a decent Chinese restaurant has finally come to collegetown. They definitely get an extra star given the lackluster options within walking distance from Cornell.", 5, 24], "Lqqnq4i4Osz_pl5-4OaOaw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "11/12/2014", "I'm giving this 5 stars because in spite of some small issues, the food is delicious and Collegetown needs all the decent restaurants it can get. The recently defunct Gates has been renovated into a clean and spacious environment. We went when it wasn't so busy, but expect that your party might share a table with another depending on the number of group hot pot orders.Enjoy the adorable misspellings on the menu, the utter confusion regarding how and what to order in the first place, the fact that the restaurant is pretty hard to locate for people not familiar with the Gates or who approach from the wrong side of the street, the fact that Korean persons in your party WILL be spoken to in Mandarin, and the fact that they might run out of chopsticks. Our group went for dinner and we didn't experience any of the options off the hot-pot menu. Our suggestion is to go for the spicy broth and have everyone get their own little cauldron (instead of one big pot) and choose their own options.", 5, 21], "FwreQKAP7zOo2dPRB0Ppaw": ["Yelp", "De Tasty Hot Pot", "10/26/2014", "Just opened in college town, it's still super disorganized and service is very very slow, because they only have a few employees. Our meal took 2 hours...Sauces are EXTREMELY lacking and portions are very small for the price, unfortunately.Get the spicy broth (it's not very spicy) over the chicken, as it's pretty flavorless to begin with. By the end, however, it was pretty tasty (after adding a lot of pepper, some vinegar, and a few spoonfuls of the spicy broth). Maybe the herbal broth would have been better but we didn't try it.Also, we didn't try any of the non-hot pot dishes but they looked pretty good!", 3, 7]}
{"9doZM5GCURHm82jk-kHcfQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "2/2/2019", "Food: Really good kimchi jiggae, bold authentic flavors instead of the watered down soups up the street. Unfortunately, though there was a fair amount of pork, the portion was rather small. On the other hand wife liked her box and came away full.Service: Wait staff was pretty inattentive both times I went. Food comes out incredibly fast, but then the waiter will ghost you until they drop off your check.Value: A mix. I suggest coming during a weekday lunch, rather than dinner or on the weekend, as the portions are the same but dinner/weekend is around 20% more expensive.", 4, 0], "tNiEXI5EHB3XLJQtW3KTbQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/9/2018", "-FoodDepends on what you order. My personal favorites are je yook bok um and squid fried rice. Those never went wrong. When you are sick, get sam ge tang (which is a soup with a whole chicken). Overall, I would say Four Seasons has some of better Korean food in Collegetown. -PriceIf possible, go during lunch special. All menus are significantly more expensive during dinner time. They give the same quality of food for lower prices during lunch. -Service The servers are really nice and always accommodating.-OverallI would recommend this place for gatherings or date nights.", 4, 0], "_RVfVz0-fU_F0iAXIl68Yw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/26/2018", "Korean restaurant serving hot spot. Ordered LA Galbi and shrimp bbq among others. Shrimp was just average while ribs were good. Good services.", 4, 0], "4VvqTAz1jqeS_7ZCEZT1og": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/1/2018", "If I was rating the food it would be at a 4. Personally I like this place a lot more than Kokos.However, this is getting a 1 because of the wait staff. I have NEVER in my life, had a cashier come to me after I've paid the bill, hand me back my receipt, and tell me to cross out how much I had paid, and demand a bigger tip. The service wasn't exceptional. It was extremely extremely mediocre to begin with. And the nerve of this man to come and demand I give him a bigger tip. I should've dropped his entire tip to 0 at that point.", 1, 1], "WHgLMZalLCOtoLb3kdjtJg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/18/2018", "There's a lot of Korean places near Cornell but none of them are that great. However, this Korean restaurant is probably the best among them all. We had the yookgaejang, neangmyun, dolsot bibimbab and seafood pajun. The yookgaejang had a lot of meat and was a sizable meal. Taste was good too. Not the very best I've had but above average for sure. The neangmyung noodles were plentiful and you got two kinds - light and dark buckwheat noodles. The cold broth however was much too sweet. The dolsot bibimbab had a decent amount of traditional vegetables authentic Korean style, which was good. The modernized versions of bibimbab that you see cropping up nowadays seem like cheaper copies of the real thing and seem mostly popular among non-Koreans. The pajun was okay. It had shrimp and octopus but not a huge amount of it. They gave us a few banchan side dishes in very small plates - about 5. You had to keep asking for refills but the banchan tasted freshly made and tasty. Their kimchi was good. I didn't have any drinks but their drink menu features flavored soju and soju bombs. When Korean fare is what I am looking for in this town, this is the place I would go.", 4, 0], "ndLQ3vjMoO3ite4OJaxSaw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/27/2018", "Meh. Not great. As others have said the food is about as Korean as any Chinese restaurant is Chinese or any Italian restaurant in the area is Italian. Went here with American friends and the menu dishes were just so-so. Service was blistering fast even at 11:am. We were the only white people.  Came back with Korean friends to try the BBQ and it got a unanimous rating of 3 on a scale of 10. Mostly the presentation of the grilling fodder was denounced. The beef came as a drippy, soupy plate of shaved or shredded meat. Not nice neat rolls as in traditional eatery. Also, most of the items brought to the table were too thick to cook quickly as expected.The other tables were all Asian customers intent on conversation and not the food. Perhaps that is the way to approach Four Seasons.", 2, 3], "j8XSNvnN_frafMvLLXekjQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/27/2018", "Service is OK but food is not Korean. They don't use the traditional ingredients and it's more like a fusion Chinese/American food menu. The squid stir fry is a good example. It's more like a Kung Pao Squid instead of the traditional \"ojing-uh-bokkeum\" with Korean red chili. Also, the meats are not marinated properly as well. It's more like a teriyaki sauce than the traditional Korean sauce. Tried twice, but will not return.", 1, 1], "enS4mWeukbTDHpRthzB_3A": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/2/2018", "This place was my first experience with Korean food and made me fall in love with the cuisine. Great food, and attentive waitstaff. Once they were out of a dish we ordered and they sent along dukbokki and I discovered a a great dish in the process! I was a regular and they recognized and took care of us each time. If people are saying it is overpriced. In their reviews, it is because they are unfamiliar with the standard pricing at Korean restaurants.", 5, 0], "n7KB8H7Xn4okEiE9aTA6lQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/13/2018", "I liked four seasons better when that cute asian girl worked on Sundays. The food tasted better when it was from her. Hire her back.", 5, 0], "L1IkJm7cQB4TyIsLEN03Lg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/23/2018", "Food is decent. Made the mistake of choosing the grill your own food at the table option though. Would not recommend. The waitress gave us plates of raw meat and just random came around twisting knobs and pressing buttons. She gave us no indication as to what we were supposed to do or what she was doing. It was just kind of overwhelming. Also don't get chicken if you're gonna grill your own at your table.", 3, 0], "bgMupCgBSsJ4LzZURSXD5g": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/1/2018", "We like the Korean food. What we ordered today:Seafood pancake, grilled mackerel, ginseng chicken stew and stir fried glass noodles w chicken.Loved the crust on the pancake and we all think it was the best dish of the day. Next, the grilled Mackerel was tasty and meaty. We don't quite like the ginseng chicken as we hardly feel that is any in the flavor or taste. Last of all, the service could have been much better. The server is not too friendly and a little hostile. The place doesn't look too clean either.", 4, 0], "9KM7lv2qtWeP3O-6NMMLhg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/9/2017", "came all the way from Cortland for this and it's pretty awesome! The water tasted a bit weird but the food are great! Will definitely visit next time!", 5, 1], "JSO9CCrLCIXCBNzoFOYvQA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/5/2017", "Very unclean! The food smelled like undone dishes. Very yucky.", 1, 0], "mRNrzWx8WfYl9rJC-FQNnA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/5/2017", "This is so far the best Korean restaurant in Ithaca, or Collegetown area. Tofu stew and rib soup were delicious.", 4, 0], "slvXXfLtxodDfRlElbYDGQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/2/2017", "Fast Service - we came in with a party of 6, ordered the food, and within 15 min we all had dishes in front of us. Portions are hearty, and we were able to customize our spice level. The only downfall is that it is hard to split the bill; the restaurant accepts 2 credit cards maximum.", 4, 0], "Gazeobd_IaxZYARZ1nmIHQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/2/2017", "As a summer college student, I had dinner twice in four seasons restaurants. It's such a smart choice to hang out with my friends. Dishes are great with comfortable service and it's just locate at the college town! I'll definitely bring my friends to there again! Love it!", 5, 0], "9aG8_eWKdC3ZZaKQX0LMzw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/13/2017", "Four Seasons is the best Korean food in Ithaca, far better than any of the competitors close by. I particularly love the bibimbap (the cold version) which is very healthy and fresh. Get the dolsot bibibamp if it's cold out and you'd like it in a sizzling pot with rice. One other favorite dish is their jap chae (a noodle dish). Get it with the spicy pork--so good!Every entree comes with the requisite Korean pickles and soup, which are tasty. (They even include the pickles and soup with takeout.) One thing I love about Four Seasons is that their kimchi is very high quality, unlike the other place in Collegetown.", 5, 3], "kZI2j18g3o58VwEgEnCkIg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/20/2017", "A decent place to get lunch and dinner after classes. The dish portion is definitely the largest among all three Korean restaurants here in Ithaca. Very nice people working there.", 5, 0], "P0Ehi4l26c_9iPHcFmdv7w": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "3/31/2017", "Authentic Korean food. I go there almost every week. I was very impressed by fact that they pack the side dishes and miso soup in takeouts. Great service when they are not too busy", 5, 0], "gKA2o8o5Wy2Bwuv4_gnJxw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "2/6/2017", "This is the greatest place for Asia to eat. Don't know why the score is so low. A lot of tasty Korean food. Strongly recommend LAN Jia tang ( pork bones soup with potatos). Very tasty and cheap as lunch. Also recommend whole little chicken soup. Also spicy beef soup.", 5, 0], "CXYz1iMuff6IX7QXb8aobA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/3/2016", "It seems that this place has gotten a lot better from the past when all of the negative reviews were written. I was very satisfied with my meal! I got the bulgolgi dinner box and everything was tasty. The meat and the clear noodles were awesome and the fried rice and dumplings were good too! The salad was also a nice touch. The servers were friendly and attentive and the food came out so quickly (we hadn't even finished eating the small dishes and miso soup that came with our meal before our actual dinner boxes came out). I would say an all-in-all great meal! It might have been a tad bit on the expensive side but I think that there was a fair amount of meat and food to justify it.", 4, 0], "2eVjHKrajyPaGvHgb9u3tA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/3/2016", "The tofu was expired so I had to complain The other stuff taste good but the tofu was crappie", 4, 0], "f2XJQXxymOvQ8nZIsBuLfQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/23/2016", "My favorite restaurant in Ithaca, and the best Korean food I have ever tried (given I am Asian). The rating on Yelp does not do its justice at all.", 5, 0], "1YgGjFv6yHtvyeZsNvzalA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/3/2016", "Food was ok, on the pricey side. We got the KBBQ combo. Seafood pancake was great. The lady kept on trying to make us order more food throughout our meal which was annoying. Service was not great. Also when we asked if the tip was included in the check she said no. When we pointed out and asked what the 15% charge was, she said oh. Pretty sketchy overall.", 2, 0], "Bm04mjCuTPh2TwwhgqFoOA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/13/2016", "Best Korean food in Ithaca by far. All the Korean students will confirm that. On a hot summer's day nothing better than their Bi Bim Bop. My children loved going here and they still remember them when they come back grown up. They also expanded so you can bring large parties at their prices remain reasonable and the food the best.", 4, 0], "NZzfTQZIg3iuN7X9OgGWgw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/9/2016", "subpar food for extreme prices... they automatically slapped on an 18% tip on our bill, and that wasn't really cool.... the service was faster than expected (only one wait staff lady) but could've been more attentive.", 3, 0], "JFT3JGbdboY8SMKt3YeQOA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/30/2016", "So I'm really surprised by all the negative reviews here. This is a great Korean Bbq place for a college town like Ithaca. We enjoyed both the food and service. For appetizers we ordered the Shumai and the seafood pancakes. The Shumai was disappointing but the seafood pancakes were delicious. For the main course we shared the Combination A korean bbq, which had good size helpings of pork, shortrib, shrimp, etc. Everything was very flavorful and the lady came to our table often to make sure that we turned the bbq over correctly :). We also ordered pork chapchae, which was good not great. The owner also brought us the traditional tofu and seafood soup complimentary, which was wonderful --- just the right level of spices and the tofu and the seafood worked really well. As in most Korean places they brought small dishes in the beginning to share. Some like the kimchi were quite good, others were okay. A great overall dining experience.", 5, 0], "IcI8rzOOhCrUHmcwSoZ2fQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/25/2016", "Fastest service and food-prep I have EVER seen. Every time I ate there weekday lunch, my sidedishes arrived within 30 seconds of having placed my order. And then my main course would arrive 3 minutes later. Their krn bbq is really really good, and they got me started on the jaeyook kimchi train. And to this date they serve the best gam ja tang and bu dae jigae that I have had. And I have had some bad ones, oh yes...  The wife is kind of a tough one, but the hubby looks like a nice guy. When I frequented here back in Uni, the server was a Korean guy who was fluent in Chinese! Wow! There were a lot of Chinese fobs eating here, practically 80%. I think that Chinese speaking waiter really sealed the deal for me.", 5, 0], "bd6FmvtoQEjAiHQGMKuXgA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/21/2015", "Four Seasons is just about as good as it gets in terms of Korean food in Ithaca. I can't speak to much of its menu, but you honestly only need to order one thing there: the dweji bulgogi (spicy pork) lunch box. For $10, you get a huge bowl of fried rice, dweji bulgogi, miso soup, salad, dumplings, and a few side dishes (kimchi, fish cake, steamed brocolli). The portion size has gotten a little smaller, but I still always leave stuffed. In terms of quality, it really can't compare to the Korean food in places like LA. But if you're reading this, you're probably in Ithaca, so take what you can get. Tips: They give you more if you get takeout instead of dining in. They prepare the food very quickly (to the point that it's questionable). Regardless of how many lunch boxes you order, they will be ready within 10 minutes. A conversation my friend had when ordering takeout:Friend: can I order 12 lunch boxes? Waiter: 12 lunch boxes?!?! Friend: yeaWaiter: ok 10 minutes", 4, 4], "JeitnNOScAeZoV3FB7PK0w": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/14/2015", "I have been to Four Seasons several times for lunch and dinner. The food there was great, especially the lunch special Kimchi Pork with rice. I also loved their Korean seafood pancake. However, on my most recent visit, I was very disappointed by how understaffed the restaurant was during busy hours. It took them literally 30 minutes to bring us a check and receipts. The server showed little concern, despite us reminding him multiple times that we are still waiting for a check. At the end, we had to walk to the counter.Food-wise, I would give 3.5 stars. Service-wise, I would give at most 1. My advice to the owner is to hire more servers during busy hours.", 2, 4], "GZrDIrYcLx2ozTZ71DbmeQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/27/2015", "Perhaps it is a bit unfair of me to write such a bad review since the last time I ate at Four Seasons was in April 2014, however this used to be a very good restaurant, and was far from it a year and a half ago.It was my first meal there since the restaurant expanded and took over extra space from the store next to it. The staff was not the same as years past. They were rude, ignored us before and after finally taking our order (this was a big group too, eight people).One of our friends wanted some hot tea. He was told by the wait person that it was \"out of season\", only served during the winter. It was the first week of April! My wife and I ordered dishes with chicken. The meat was tough. It had been pre-cooked and thrown into the meal.A very bad experience all around", 1, 0], "kCG7W0CTWQ6pF-pm86FlGA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/18/2015", "Mehhh.... Definitely NOT the place I would go to for Korean food and most definitely not my choice of restaurant if I ever had to dine in Collegetown. Food is average and overly priced. Service is minimal at best. What really bothers me is that the lady in charge is not welcoming in the least but rather incredibly rude. They also modified the amount of tip I left them on the merchant copy of the receipt. The amount wasn't the issue but the fact that they would do that on their own was unprofessional and shady. My advice is to steer clear...", 1, 4], "wFGzlMqd9sMl8Ppx5-16pA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/6/2015", "Ordered 15 dollar stew noodles and i get a quarter pack of generic ramen noodles, not even cooked floating atop a mish mash of random ingredients slowly burning in the tiny flames of a fifth grade metal crucible", 1, 5], "QuAMDCGikkDV2v6ifm3law": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/23/2015", "I went here last night with my son. I was NOT impressed. The food was very bland. Almost tasteless. Although the portion was huge, I would have rather had a good meal. We had some kind of chicken cutlet for the entree. It comes with a side salad. The chicken was OK, but as I said before not very tasty. The side salad was lettuce (thats it) with french dressing. They didn't even ask what dressing we wanted. We also had an appetizer of dumplings.  They tasted like eating soggy cardboard. Absolutely tasteless. Also the bathrooms were in bad shape. One of the ways, I judge a restaurant is by how clean the bathrooms are. These were horrid. The mens room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in days and the women's room ( I had to sneak in one because the mens room was occupied for like an hour) was attrocious. The toilet was clogged with No.2 and someone threw up (vomited) in the sink and left it there. It was not cleaned 1/2 an hour later (I heard 2 girls complaining about it. For $50 including tax and tip, I feel like I threw away my money. I would have rather had a meal at Wendy's.", 2, 0], "jdJdavXLEVLNL8JLzC_tSQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/15/2015", "Really unprofessional and unfriendly waiters, mediocre food quality. I'm giving one star because Yelp doesn't allow me giving 0 starts.", 1, 0], "2cAE5T7YEmXLw2dgAjAHQg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/6/2015", "Bad food bad (rude) service. Never go there again. Koko is the best Korean restaurant in Ithaca, NY.", 1, 0], "0NmwUbzr7ANFnmswnOOpcA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "1/29/2015", "There is a special sake menu especially designed to rip drunk patrons off.  The portions are ridiculously small for the price. Food is alright but taking advantage of the inebriated is frowned upon in my book", 1, 0], "yM3pVpD7l-5ZEplw0cxYag": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/14/2014", "The food is decent, but the service is terrible. One of the waiters says inappropriate things and is rather creepy, and the waitress is sometimes extremely rude.", 2, 0], "pQvxQgps8n81Zfg6hQ9XaA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/12/2014", "Four Seasons has, I think, some of the best Korean food in Collegetown. The soon tofu is quite tasty (order it extra spicy) and the bibimbap is solid. That having been said, the atmosphere could be a bit better. Some of the tables are placed very close to entrances and when the door opens, you definitely feel it. This isn't so much an issue during the summer, but the Ithaca winters can be a bit harsh.Service can also be a bit slow, even when there aren't many people in the restaurant. The wait staff is very good about seating people promptly and taking orders, but they don't really pay attention to the tables after the food is delivered. Many is the time that I've sat with an empty glass of water for almost 10 minutes without anyone coming to refill it.Overall, 4 stars for the food, but 2 for the service.", 3, 0], "aHYoRGLVtvsqBVKxtLxnGw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/22/2014", "This place sucks. The food is pretty mediocre and definitely overpriced. The service is truly abysmal. Our waiter barely took the time to stand at our table and take our order and listen to what we wanted. After a pretty shitty dinner and overall experience, we left him a $1 tip only to be yelled for leaving a low tip on our way out. Definitely would not recommend this place.", 1, 1], "zbU5Six-dAy3RWpOsO9tvA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/21/2014", "There are great things about four seasons, but also not too great things. In general, the food is delicious, and the service is good. However, I found its menu a little confusing, and my friends and I often got lost reading the menu. Recommend: pork rib with potatoes casserole-the portion is huge and the soup just tastes homy and wonderful. The kimchi with pork (and rice cake and tofu) is also good, I almost order it every time.", 4, 0], "WjKRFp_J7WLh4XZzTfG-Zg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/26/2014", "Possibly the worst Korean food I've ever had. Went there miltipleDefinitely go to kokos instead.", 1, 0], "9-ji9mRM9aE-6YC-5h2PQg": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/26/2014", "This is the worst Korean restaurant I have tried in the USA for the past 26 years. They use too much MSG in all dishes they serve and still tasted so bad. We ordered JaeYukBokUm, Budaechigae, Bibibap, DoenJangChiGae. None of them tasted OK. Pork used in Chigae and BokUm were simply horrible. Smelled so bad too, which means they used very old and low quality meat. And service was terrible. They even charged 1.50 for addition bowl (very small portion) of rice while most other K restaurants don't. I loved Cornell and Ithaca, except for dinner at this restaurant.", 1, 2], "_KaYSScxCUJn5LAFjMCy8w": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/1/2014", "So far my first Korean restaurant visit here in Ithaca. Spoiled by all the authentic Korean restaurants in California, the food here tastes mediocre. I ordered soon tofu, 5 small dishes came and the kimchi tastes like refrigerated for days; the soon tofu tastes like soup powder that anyone can make at home. Service was attentive, perhaps because we were the only table there on a Friday night. It was a little sketchy at first that no one was there, but the owner from green castle recommended this place, so we decided to give it a try regardless. The portion and price is similar to what I've had before. Will try other places before deciding to come back or not.", 4, 1], "3MB26OzHOgzjM9okfrhiOA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/23/2014", "So far, best Korean restaurant in Collegetown. Good food. However, one guy server is quite rude. He could not wait long enough for me to choose what I want. I felt he was rushing me. At the end, I did not even liked what I chose. Besides that, I would say I'd come back.", 2, 0], "S6vM0tJReJRoLsovt7kPDQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "6/4/2014", "Just had the bulgogi lunch box. I was going to give three stars, until I saw that means \"A-OK.\" Two stars is \"Meh. I've experienced better.\" That about sums it up. The good:  The glass noodles were tasty, and the dumplings were crisp and fresh. Our server was personable, friendly, and efficient--a pleasant surprise! The renovations are also pleasant. No more sitting elbow-to-elbow with strangers.The bad: Bland, bland food. Bean sprouts and broccoli were steamed, plain. Bleh. Even the kimchi was tasteless. I didn't know that was even possible.The ugly: The beef had been put through some sort of grinder or slicer, so it appeared to be pre-chewed.", 2, 4], "NnKBCspw4GinI-pxNtKB7A": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/4/2014", "I've had the samgyetang, boodae jeon gol, haemul pajeon, dukbokki here. The samgyetang had great flavor, the filling inside the chicken was really bland and boring though. Dukboki was standard, nothing wrong there. The haemul pajeon was a little on the thick side and didn't have a lot of seafood. The boodae jeongol was big and pretty tasty but nothing really special; cabbage, ramen noodles (like straight out of a instant ramen bag) and ham.", 3, 0], "BwzyrGiwKNuFnELMHso4DA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/4/2014", "Although the staff here isn't friendly, the food here is awesome! I like to have bibimbap with squid. It's so delicious. I also like the lunch-boxes. Reasonable price and very good taste!", 5, 1], "Zh_WHjT2mCA8sECvCcADww": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "3/31/2014", "I thought this place was better than Koko. I had a noodle dish that was pretty good. My favorite part of the meal is the free appetizers they give you (they'll give you as much as you want, I think they're better than Koko's, too). I want to go back and try more.", 4, 0], "r4YhKMpW3NV2PufdT0Oecw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "3/10/2014", "Bland flavorless food, easily the worst Korean I've ever had.", 1, 2], "44GyiC9Dp2d7AsbIoHg7Pw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/19/2013", "It was excellent Korean foods definitely recommend the whole grilled mackerel and Korean seafood pancake.", 4, 0], "IdgVMHvja3pyNaSLHjUwWQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "12/5/2013", "liked it. Korea restaurant in college town is always a convenient place for meeting with Asian friends!", 4, 0], "SDminfGDvCxok-3fOY3KAA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/3/2013", "mediocre korean food with a nicely sized lunch box. you won't leave hungry, but don't expect to be blown away. Most disappointing, the 'green salad' is iceberg lettuce smothered in russian dressing. But the two piece of sushi roll, two piece dumblings, noodles, fried rice, meat, and kim chi weren't bad, just not great either.", 3, 0], "4weu4GD0gWN8pxSuCoi0WQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "9/29/2013", "The staff here isn't that friendly. Not once did I see any of the staff members smile to anyone. Some people say that it's because they're only friendly to the Korean customers, but some Koreans were in here at the same time as me and they didn't get friendly service either. They did, however, get a lot more banchan than I did. And not just quantity, but they also got more variety. Preferential treatment, perhaps?I went for the mool naeng myun, since it's still fairly warm in Ithaca. Not as big as I would have liked and the presentation wasn't that appealing. After the noodle, everything else was kinda just thrown in there. The dish was okay, but nothing to rave about. The noodles were tougher than other Korean restaurants I've been to, and the beef was kinda overcooked.They do lunch specials on weekdays which look a lot more reasonably priced than their regular menu. Probably best to come here between classes rather than dinner.Mediocre overall, and Koko up the hill is definitely better. The advantage of this place is that it does Korean barbecue and seems to be the only place in the area that does it. I'll give this place a try again for that when I feel like splurging. But aside from barbecue, Koko wins in price, service, and quality.", 3, 1], "aVzmQm0Q-qIqyM0JBAFJZA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "6/21/2013", "To put it nicely, the food here is not at the top of my list of best Korean foods I've ever tried. To make it worse, it is overpriced and not worth the money. I've tried numerous items on their menu and can't say the food would make me come back for more. I guess if someone is new to Korean food, they wouldn't think the food here is absolutely gross. But I know Korean food can be a lot more enjoyable than what they serve at Four Seasons.I recommend going to the Korean restaurant downtown on the corner of Seneca St. instead.", 2, 1], "97SU5H9QYSq67x4OfTGXDQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "6/3/2013", "Mediocre Korean food. The soondubu is better up at Koko. Very expensive at dinner, but the lunch specials are decently priced. The bulgogi box was pretty good.", 3, 0], "TrwDXAfsZfO5z7NkPP3UUA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "3/24/2013", "This is the only place in Ithaca that does table top Korean BBQ, although the prices for the meats to be cooked at the table are insanely expensive for the serving size and quality. That said Four seasons does do a nice grilled mackerel and some good reasonably priced lunch Bento boxes. The panch'an is quite tasty here as well and I do like their rice cakes.", 3, 2], "oUyIsC1Lj3ANn-Tke1MN4Q": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "1/8/2013", "First off, this place is crazy expensive for what you get, especially if you get the bbq. For a regular sized bbq dish, you will spend +$22 for mediocre quality and the quantity is almost equivalent to how much you could get for +20 in NYC. This place competes primarily against KoKos, but KoKos does not serve as many types of bbq (and also does not have the individual grills on the tables). Kokos does have an advantage in the price factor but not by much.Since korean bbq or korean food is pretty much oligopolized by 4 seasons and Kokos, you dont really have any choices so just be prepared to take a hit with your wallet.", 3, 4], "KHhZcK0ZDWXc9jIVJr5dkw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/27/2012", "The food was OK at best (that was what earned this place one star, despite the high price) but the service was absolutely HORRIBLE. A friend and I came here and immediately noticed that we did not get a single greeting. In fact, no waiter was even there. We seated ourselves at a random empty table with some menus on top. We then decided to split an order seeing that we were not that hungry but wanted to sample the Korean food in Ithaca. Finally, a waiter showed up and we ordered. Immediately after requesting that we split an order (something I've done in many other restaurants here without a single problem), the waiter (a middle-aged Korean man) glared and snapped, \"what?\" I repeated myself and he scribbled down our order with a huff and walked away. When our order finally came, I admit the spicy tofu soup was relatively good but the way our waiter slammed the dishes down really took away our appetite. Also, did I mention the waiter never checked up on us? We realized that we never got any water (while all other tables did), but the waiter was never to be seen until we were ready for our bill. The entire time, there was not a single word from the waiter except the \"what?\" from before. 11 dollars for a bowl of mediocre soup and ridiculously bad service isn't worth it. Never going back there again.", 1, 3], "KtU6UOaQpwra02v4UesHYw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/31/2012", "Well, I have been to Four Seasons for several times, every time I talked to myself: \"the food is not bad, gibe the servants an other chance.\" However, I was wrong every time. The owner had such a COLD face and so did her servants, which made me unhappy. There was one time I asked for spicy source, but the owner immediately took it away when she saw I put it down on the table... But I hadn't finished it yet!!! And when I ready for check out, the owner literately refused to return my credit card before she got the tips. I mean, seriously? You don't want to treat your customers like someone who owns your money. We pay for what we get. But, when I came to this restaurant with my friend who is a local American, the servants had a huge smile almost reached to their ears. I have been four seasons for several times with my Asian friends(not Korean), it was the first time I saw they gave us a smile. And and, there was one time, I just recalled, the guy servant even asked me and my friends to change to another table without giving us an opportunity to say NO. In the end, I give two stars for the food, their service was really really bad I have to say. I just want the owner and her servants treat everyone in same quality. It is really suck to see their sh*t face when you are eating their food.", 2, 4], "ZEJd7wYjSI0W3cBB3lwEuQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/3/2012", "Foods are okay, but the owner and servants really need to improve their manner - they expect us to tip them with such poor services.", 2, 1], "F3zDUpJFU77Hgbc9qcE44A": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/26/2011", "I can't say this restaurant blew me away like other people seem to think because I am Korean. That being said, I thought the restaurant was decent.I came here with a couple of my friends and ordered kimchi boochinggae, yukgaejang, ddukbukki, kimchi jigae, and jjangpohng. Everything was okay except the fact that it wasn't authentic Korean food. The only thing that I thought was close to being authentic was the dukkbukki, the Korean spicy rice cake; I thoroughly enjoyed that dish.", 3, 3], "j9yp9Mxu9xQwapaCW9_MiQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/4/2011", "Eaten there at least a dozen times. The duk mandu guk is a favorite and rarely disappoints. If you like spicy food, their spicy soups are really good too. Love the banchan. Rarely manage to finish everything, especially with an appetizer.", 4, 0], "IXIanx9J4qM-eKNoisDLzQ": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "11/6/2010", "This place was terrible! Bad decor and bad lighting aside, the food was pretty bad. One of us had the bulgogi, which was oversweet and pretty fatty. I had the grilled mackerel, which was clearly frozen, dry and chewy. The kids shared the japchae, which was soupy and blah. The miso soup was empty--just miso and scallions. The one nice part was that they gave us shumai on the house for the girls. Overpriced too--had we paid for the 6 shumai, it would have been $6.95. Bulgogi was $18.95. Won't be back.", 1, 2], "AKPMyWpGAhLE7lAaXDm2oA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "10/19/2010", "I agree that the staff isn't the nicest people around, but I can't resist their food! It's so good! A little pricey, but you get what you pay for.", 4, 0], "i8ljAsuVzv0KV5wUsGcVNw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/30/2010", "Sort of yum...It's hard to rate this place because I've had both good and bad experiences but the staff is sort of rude and the food isn't v. consistent, so I'm going to base this review more on the negatives I've experienced.The one lady who works here is really snobby and if you're not a Korean international student, she's not the friendliest of people (meaning, she wants to be able to converse with you in Korean, NOT English... but hello lady, this is America!).Anyway, the food here is just okay. It's on par with Koko's, but it's nothing compared to the Korean food in Flushing or Bergen County, NJ.The service is relatively quick but the banchan is limited and boring and the ambiance is blah.", 2, 2], "H6usd4RkKBRNuXiF3_lfVA": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "8/23/2010", "We were visiting some friends in Ithaca, and had visited a few of the waterfalls, Buttermilk and Lucifer, and had a late lunch. We decided to go Korean and came here.On a Saturday afternoon, there were a few tables occupied. The staff was not at all very welcoming (see Jason S' comments). They have a decent sized menu that included BBQ, tofu casseroles, noodle and rice dishes, and some Japanese fare. They even advertize soju and Korean beer on their walls. I wanted the OB, but they said they didn't get a shipment in, how odd! So this is what we ordered: Seafood pancake, cold Bim Bim Bop, chang chang myeon, tofu casserole, and bbq beef. The seafood pancake was delicious. It was very crispy and had pieces of squid and shrimp. The sweetness of the dipping sauce helped balance the flavors of the pancake. The Bim Bim Bop was good too. It was a big bowl of julienned vegetables, daikon, carrots, lettuce, mountain greens, etc., topped with a fried egg. Rice was served on the side. Mixing the vegetables with the rice and the spicy Korean fermented soybean sauce made the dish have a complex texture and flavor. The chang chang myeon (I forgot how to spell it) is somewhat like the Chinese version, but with more of the darker/blacker sauce and little meat. It was only okay.The tofu soup was somewhat disappointing. It did not have the typical flavor of most tofu casseroles I've had in the City or around Fort Lee. The soup base was thin and lacked the complexity of fermented soy bean paste. It tasted salty like to much bonito. And they forgot to give us a raw egg! The BBQ beef tasted like it should, but I think we just ordered too much food to even enjoy it when it was hot. For a place like this in a college town, I would give it 3.5 stars. As I am not from Ithaca, it is probably the only authentic Korean joint available.", 2, 1], "Bzg_Li4pOidTv6CA-Xpz1A": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "5/30/2010", "Did not get the warmest of greeting as soon as i walked into the restaurant. The staff had no emotion or even a smile Did not get the best of vibes as soon as i walked in. Korean food here is relatively authenitc but nothing special. Compared to the price and the proportion of the food it was lil over priced for my taste. If you are really desperate and craving some korean food guess you can check this place out.", 2, 1], "t1weyDXDVy_5LQevC8cmqw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "6/17/2009", "The food here is pretty damn delicious. I've had some korean friends that said it's relatively authentic (i have no clue to whether thats true or not)Sometimes Im guilty of getting the same thing over and over if I realize i love it. And i LOVVVVEEE the dae jai bulgogi sp?. Basically, it's the pork bulgogi. The only downside is that whatever you are wearing is gonna smell like it marinated in the stuff. It comes out on a sizzling hot plate where you see the oil and juices bubbling (this is about the time my mouth starts watering). You can literally smell it coming from the time they bring out the kitchen and it leaves a smoke trail of steam on whatever path to the table.Other stuff is pretty decent, but I honestly cant remember it that well. When I was a poor college student I thought it was slightly pricey, but as a professional now I think it was a pretty good deal.Def do come here, just dress in something you dont mind getting smelly.", 4, 9], "-cvPwVzBrOuhk6LQRSKJag": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/13/2009", "The food here is good, nothing to write home about. The main reason is that I am Korean and I've had better Korean food in restaurants before. However, for Ithaca, I guess this is a good place to come. It's usually pretty empty here so no wait for the most part.", 2, 2], "1v0H1yvrDRr26TFXMfcWsw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/3/2009", "In response to another reviewer on this site, Four Seasons has authentic Korean food fo' sho'. So authenticity isn't the problem here. When I get homesick for the maternal unit's cooking while I'm on campus, I just trek here to get me some Korean grub. It's good for my Seoul. Reasonable prices, and the owner who thinks of me as her daughter-- what more could I ask?", 4, 4], "yslcPdjLBwa5ZjQ5qaccgw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "7/19/2008", "It could be very hard to grab a seat sometimes. Food was fairly authentic Korean.", 3, 0], "Z9ycnV1Jx_7DGCcrLwEB7A": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "6/28/2007", "oh, four seasons. the site of the beginning of my best non-date ever. had dinner here with someone who possessed the puppy-est of puppy dog eyes. and he knew all the best items to order since it was his \"home\" turf (well, that's kinda like saying i'd know exactly what to order in a chinese restaurant which isn't exactly true, but koreans tend to have a little more pride, so anyway). not only is it endorsed by koreans, but i ate here quite a few times and think the food is on par with what can be found in SF. so the food's good.but now onto the good stuff. to burn off those starchy calories after dinner, we decided to walk along the stone path of cascadilla gorge. my first time hiking any ithaca gorge! it was really pretty along the whole walk: the sounds of flowing water, birds singing, bright foliage, glistening slabs of stone. and sure, there were a few huge tricky steps along the way, but my friend was there to lend a hand.and once we got to the bottom of the gorge, we found ourselves in the residential area of town, kind of lost. but we recognized n aurora st, so we decided to walk north along it. and then after a few blocks, we spotted the most amazing playground ever in the distance. tube slides and cradle bridges and mazes and wooden ships and swinging playground rings and a freakin ZIP LINE!! apparently, fall creek elementary got a brand new playground in 2000, designed by leathers & associates, known for their crazy custom playground designs. i have yet to see a playground that rivals the design at fall creek. even the towers of the main structure reflected the local architecture, like the clock tower and bridges.we finally decided we had enough fun with the zip line, or maybe the setting sun decided that for us. either way, we continued along aurora for another block until i recognized my street. so we walked back uphill to my place. see, i said it was the best non-date ever. such is the power of four seasons.", 4, 5], "FW5UEGK_lI-lg5daR0_Bqw": ["Yelp", "Four Seasons", "4/18/2007", "The problem with ethnic foods is that I can never know how authentic it is. So this review will not even try to touch upon that. All I can tell you is that Four Seasons serves up some good, hot (temperature and spice-wise) Asian food. The place is always packed. But one word of advice to the long-haired patrons: Don't wash your hair before you go, because you *know* you're gonna leave with the lingering odour of Korean BBQ clinging to your hair. But I think that's a testament to how good this place is. You know they're grillin it up back there, fresh!What else do I love about this place? The kim-chi fried rice. The excellent location. The kid who \"works\" there. In fact, he deserves his own paragraph.If you go on weekends, you'll likely see this kid, who is probably not so much a kid anymore. He's probably the son of the owners. He is absolutely hilarious. He half helps out, and half plays his gameboy. He once waved a bloody styrofoam container in front of us, saying \"mmmmmmmm blood!\" in his best gory voice. That same trip, he also educated us on the effects of drug use (\"My teacher says that if you smoke marijuana, when you're standing on the roof of a 10-story building, you feel like you're standing on the ground.\"). Another time, he was chatting on AIM on his laptop, and I really wanted to ask for his screenname, but I refrained.My best memory of this place is when my friends and I had Easter brunch here one year (psh, yeah, obviously this is where you would go for such an occaision), then we went home and dyed easter eggs and had the greatest easter egg hunt in the history of my life. Never mind that it was the only easter egg hunt in which I've participiated.Anyway.... Rambling aside, I love this place and it has some great memories attached to it.", 4, 8]}
{"ryB5zAv58iUeZTRQvBUN3w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/6/2019", "This was absolutely the worst experience I've ever had with a catering order. I called ahead of time to ask the restaurant to deliver 30 minutes earlier. The girl on the phone could barely be bothered to ask me for the name on the order. I called again 15 minutes before my order was set to arrive. Same rude girl who could not tell me the estimated time of arrival of my food. Fine. I call the delivery service. The restaurant can't be bothered to communicate with them either. Food and drinks arrive separately. Food is subpar, staff is terrible.", 1, 0], "5p4EUJJI4SAGGhczAva7Jg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/28/2018", "Love this place. Food, drinks, service are consistently great. We went there Christmas evening as we have for years, the place was packed.Jamie was able to seat our family in short order..........They had not anticipated the volume of business they got, but the stilled nailed it. Can't say enough good things about Joe's!", 5, 0], "OZry0hPnsOE6LLTtUM0BDQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/16/2018", "Food was good but terrible service. Our waiter, Michelle, was in a bad mood the whole time and the check was definitely miscalculated for our party of 6. Would've been a better experience if we had some better service.", 2, 0], "QMC4xaSnp7xvhfObMC-Xvg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/2/2018", "Would die for joes. The bread is garlicky and soft. The food is delicious. The salads are bottomless. What more could you want from an Italian restaurant?", 5, 0], "PIMP28aEi1ORweh19tAIOg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/20/2018", "Had seafood Diablo. Dish had so much seafood! Scallops were fresh, shrimp good size, nice and spicy. Chopped tomatoes were excellent. But the best was seafood in every bite through then entire dish. Cheesecake was big slice and light. Great finish to dinner. Excellent service. Janice treated us quite well!", 4, 0], "ZaYWq7t9MLzP96Czm65nXw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/19/2018", "Amazing friendly service. Perfect neighborhood place away from home. Michelle our waitress (and all staff) and bartender is a master at whiskey sours, charming and handles a crowd well! Wings are delicious. Bottomless Caesar Salad a must!!", 5, 0], "GfuB-oQte05omYxKyCab_w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/19/2018", "My husband and I met in grad school at Cornell 32 years ago. We remembered Joe's fondly for special Italian dinners. Visiting Ithaca, had to stop by to see if it was still as good as before. It is! Had a lovely meal. Tasty garlic breadsticks. Garlic shrimp appetizer with huge, perfectly cooked shrimp. Yummy cups of hot veggie soup packed with veggies, bits of pasta and broth. My husband pronounced his Chicken Marsala delicious. The Pork Medallions special with apple cranberry chutney and root vegetables - while perhaps not a \"traditional\" Italian dish with sauce and pasta - was SO good, and a perfect fit for fall. Thanks to Kristen for service with a smile. And to Joe's for staying a tasty Ithaca Italian institution!", 5, 0], "HkpPXCGzZm4ZB179O4ByuA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/15/2018", "After hiking the trails at Robert H Treman state park, we wanted some good Italian food for dinner. This was the perfect stop on our way through Ithaca. The service here was good, Michelle was very knowledgeable on the menu and made great suggestions! The food was phenomenal.", 5, 1], "XHIOsZr5sNai8iV-6oUiRA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/14/2018", "Great food! We had pizza, wings and flatbread sandwiches! The endless salad was amazing!", 5, 0], "Tg2NgBrt_7s6S9DsXCwfBQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/13/2018", "Great atmosphere, reasonably priced food that tastes great, and excellent service from Kristen especially are all factors that contributed to this 5-star review.", 5, 0], "jpUbuwNjU5DJP1wPcUvWGw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/12/2018", "I'm a Long Island native, and was very worried about finding a decent Italian place up in Ithaca. Joe's Italian food definitely outdid themselves! Cozy atmosphere, food came out fast, and our waitress Kristin was attentive and friendly. Definitely coming back soon!", 5, 0], "Je8qpHj_c9ZhZzmiefFWVg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/12/2018", "Wonderful experience here. Convenient location to pop into for dinner with parking lot. Kid friendly. Good food and drinks. Fantastic service! Thank you Kristen!", 5, 0], "XMXTyuYBIM9SiHYI0RLXSw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/12/2018", "This is a good go-to family restaurant that my family loves. Easy parking In the restaurant lot, larger booths and ample space around tables. I come with my granddaughter for an easy dinner after playing at ScienceCenter or the Children's Garden. And, if you can, ask for Kristen, the BEST SERVER. Remembered my granddaughter's name from our first visit, brings breadsticks right away, and she has a genuinely kind personality. I really love this place. And if you care about food, the calamari is soft and crispy and so far never rubbery. The steak was cooked to my specifications and had a good flavor and not tough, the side of veggies were crisp and seasoned lightly--all of which I enjoy. My daughter loves the linguine and clam sauce, fresh clams, al dente pasta that was separate and not clumping with a nice chewiness. Always consistent service and food. Definitely worth checking out if you are visiting or making a regular spot if you are a local.", 5, 0], "my4-qpjtsyeYHJARfDHe7A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/10/2018", "Great atmosphere.Family friendly place. Michelle was great and the service was excellent. Vegeterian Pizza, Salmon, and everything that we had from the menu was awesome.", 5, 0], "NsvFOyEKeMIZWCvOrBIfPw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/7/2018", "Had the vodka chicken and the bruschetta and it was great! We had Michelle as our server and like I said food and service was excellent.", 5, 0], "2lMWy25K2uroIyG3T5wfpw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/6/2018", "I used to go to a really great Italian restaurant back in Manhattan. Since I'm in Ithaca for college, I wanted to find another great Italian place to eat. Joe's Restaurant is phenomenal along with our wonder waitress, Kristen! The atmosphere is very cozy, the food is delicious, and the service is amazing. Would completely recommend!", 5, 0], "egfR_4tkDKK1LvGqULL_3g": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/6/2018", "From the minute the car door opened the smell of garlic welcomed us to Joe's. Everyone was so happy with their meals; the vodka chicken hit the spot and the cordon bleu special was great. They substituted veggies for the pasta without hesitation, thank you! Keep an eye on the bill, they add a gratuity for large groups and are happy to split the bill. It's all good. Kristin was great, she was very attentive to our group and there were 12 of us! Great experience and we will be back - all the way from Cortland!!", 5, 0], "VqmIauNxjWLITBpKb3OnuA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/5/2018", "We have visited Joe's over the past 15 years since I was in undergrad at Ithaca College. I have fond memories of cold nights and warm dinners with friends, family and wine. Each time we come back to Ithaca we visit Joe's for the good food and memories. Tonight's service was especially good - Janice was quick, pleasant and accommodating. See ya next time, Joe's.", 5, 0], "bD6BP4yFAqzFQjNvggItJA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/2/2018", "This place is a hidden jem. The food is excellant, and take this from a seasoned road warrior. The place is clean and the staff very friendly. Stop in for dinner. The portions are large and you will take some home with you and enjoy it another day.", 4, 0], "Urx33xRY3gBiK1YoQB8CnA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/2/2018", "We arrived in Ithaca, checked into out motel and asked for recommendations from the front desk. How about a local, regular Italian restaurant that is popular, nothing fancy, but good food and reasonable prices?Go to Joe's. It was opened in 1932.Later we discovered that one of our cousins was married to the daughter of the original owner of this restaurant/bar. Small world, but she said it is pretty much the same as it was, but she could not comment on the food.We went. It is on a corner and reminded me of growing up in the 1950s in the upper east coast, where just about every neighborhood had taverns that were bar, restaurant and social gathering places. Children would dine with their parents, in an area separate from the bar. Was good food, everyone knew everyone else and it was not rowdy until later in the evening.Joe's looked the part, but there was only one other couple eating and two people at the bar.  But clean and well-maintained.Menu: appetizers, salads (regular and bottomless), pasta, flat breads, pizza, children's and desserts. Yep...dat's it. Basic, straight forward as I imagine Joe was in da day.We had salad with great Italian dressing (of course!). Wife is always trying eggplant parm ($14), hoping that it will not taste egg plantish (!) and is regularly disappointed. I had lasagna bolognese ($15). And after my dirty gin martini with regular olives, we had house red wine.The food was OK...nothing to write home about, but just straight up local fare. Yes, wife was 50-50 on the egg plant and I thought the lasagna was very rich with that milk soaked bolognese meat.Service was just fine. Of course the server was only dealing with two tables of two and a couple of bar patrons. Prices were a bit high, but that is Ithaca and the area.We got what we wanted and the recommendation was exactly what we were looking for and got. I like tradition and nostalgia, so going to Joe's was both for me and the food secondary. Would have liked to be there on a busy night.", 3, 0], "FbF2HloG8Fg_z9FFbDkdGQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/16/2018", "AMMMAAAZZZINNNGGG!!!!!Highly recommend this place!!!!!!!We had a incredible experience here.Free breadsticks at the beginning and they just kept coming haha covered in Parmesan cheese! Ask for a side of red sauce cause it just makes it that much better!!!!I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich Such a large piece of chicken and it was flavorful! Crispy! Cheesey! Saucy! Sooo goood!!!The fries are great also haha!! Crispy!!!My date got the mushroom ravioli and was in love with it!! So much flavor in this dish! Plenty to bring home !", 5, 1], "ChixSwh4p3o8Ap51sLLczA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/11/2018", "Love this place. Been coming here since 1968. The food is solid and derive is great. This is old school as you would expect so don't be is a hurry as you'll miss the experience.", 5, 2], "a0mRDEZ926ygVD_gPh1UgA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/11/2018", "Food is good, large portions and complimentary bread are definitely a plus. The service is slow though, it took about 20 min for the waitress to come to our table (and all the tables weren't even occupied, it seemed to be an off dinner time.) And she didn't even refill my soda... I had to walk to the bar to refill because the server was nowhere to be found. The food comes out quickly and there are good happy hour deals though. Would recommend the lasagna, pesto tortellini, and any of the chicken dishes. Also try not to sit near the kitchen as the smell of seafood can get overbearing.", 3, 0], "aByiEZL1iojQ5VDstdo12w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "1/20/2018", "I came in hungry one afternoon around 2:00 , we were driving by and we have heard about joes history to Ithaca so we came in and I ordered the Pog pizza(  Prosciutto, onion , goat cheese) only it was made okay sauce not really there however the prosciutto was more like country ham then prosciutto, maybe they cheaper out and falsely advertised but it was not present to expect prosciutto , everything tasted okay but I'm just irritated on the fact country ham was substituted for prosciutto , if you call yourself an Italian restaurant learn to slice prosciutto correctly and not dice it into long strips", 2, 0], "4awGMgvhwdbKU0IsY9B07g": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/19/2017", "Don't waste your money. The restaurant was empty on a Saturday afternoon, which should have made us turn around and run. The salad and breadsticks were average. Nothing special. The pizza was not good. I've had worse, but I have had so many better pizzas. The crust had a funny taste, the sauce was too sweet, and there was too much cheese. The only good thing was the beer.", 1, 0], "bvdDxVM18UQzo_dYEltaoQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/16/2017", "not the best. the kind of food thats good at first and after a couple bites you get kind of disgusted and start noticing the weird texture and thick layer of cheese everywhere", 2, 1], "arGCBLMWn3hudov7agrqzQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/31/2017", "It was adequate. My lasagna was smothered in cheese and wasn't too much to look at; but it tasted ok.  My wife's chicken was a little tough but not worst she's had.  We sat bar side and it was clean. Waitress/bartender was professional but not too conversational.", 3, 0], "a_UrkdlOTv12_npzmIHrYA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/30/2017", "I loved this restaurant, I found the food extremely wonderful and the waitresses were very accommodating and delightful. I highly recommend this restaurant for food and atmosphere.", 5, 0], "pSctW18zZbcl7ZcLOgoVmg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "4/10/2017", "I wondered when there was only one other customer. My stromboli had uncooked tomatoes and banana peppers, with to much cheese. My wife's lasagna was all cheese too. Sub part Italian food. Nice waitress. We won't be back.", 1, 0], "eznbgRW_ubgTgcT86mjshg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/24/2017", "All, I hate to say this, but there probably isn't a good Italian in Ithaca, and if there is it's certainly not Joe's. Ithaca is a mini-NYC when it comes to cuisine-diverse and delicious regardless of the plate. Joe's has an inviting atmosphere with good service, easy access off Route 13, reputable service with commujity tenure,but...but... the food is inconsistent and sometimes, well, most times...feels like you opened the freezer compartment and kicked on the microwave for 3:30. Somebody in this town has got to recruit a good NYC chef and open an Italian masterpiece.", 2, 3], "YwdENduyplMOYp-I5fi1pA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/21/2017", "Enjoyed a very traditional Italian dinner at Joes on a visit to Ithaca. We had the bottomless salad bowl for 12 bucks with a Italian dressing. We also had the seafood diablo and Eggplant parm. All very good. Ask for some extra red sauce and they charged 2 bucks crazy!! I am giving a three stars more for the pricing which was 100 for two entrees and tip. Good food good service but pricing is a bit high.", 3, 1], "57J4IlcjoTKAn4f_jarsmg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/6/2017", "Stopped here on the way thru town on business. Glad they were opened on Monday night. Ordered wings as an appetizer. They were half price because I sat in the bar. Wings were very good. Served w blue cheese and celery. Ordered pizza, thin crust w sausage mushrooms and caramelized onion. Sauce was not noticeable. Pizza had generous amount of cheese. Mushrooms were fresh & sausage was good. Dough was not great. Service was excellent, friendly & attentive. I have not been here in a while and I'm glad I stopped in.", 4, 0], "VpcnSYA5nWDVQrH_lzuvFw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/7/2016", "It's finals week, and my dad had some free dinner event here and he took me so I wouldn't have to cook amid my finals. The chicken Parmesan was maybe the most tasteless thing I have ever put in my mouth. I was starving but it was still all I could do to not spit it out. My dad got served the wrong order but didn't even realize it until he was halfway through because it was just a blob of food. I overheard another lady who was vegetarian and got served the wrong order containing meat. Two easy options would have been better:1. I stayed home and cooked for myself because there is a 100% chance that I could have made something better. 2. I didn't eat at all and saved myself from that meal and had more time to study. Thanks for making my finals week a little bit worse.", 1, 3], "5Ux1_YQaBE77N0ACmeH7PQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/19/2016", "Stopped in for dinner while coming back 'home' for a visit. Joe's has been around forever, and it's great to see it is still going strong. The interior was bright and inviting and the service was friendly throughout our meal. Definitely a throwback Italian restaurant menu. I went with the Manicotti and was not disappointed. The portions were good sized and heavy on the cheese (just how I like it, but if you are not a cheese fan, well...). Overall we enjoyed a nice family meal spanning 3 generations at a place that has been an Ithaca staple for decades.", 4, 0], "B1YshDf8AEkAT1_V-z2r-A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "9/30/2016", "I have eaten at Joes multiple times over the years. My family had a wedding reception and the restaurant set up tables for a large party. The food and service was excellent. Salmon, steak, and ravioli was to perfection. The desserts were excellent and I believe they may have been prepared at the neighboring Ithaca Bakery shop next door. I have no complaints other than the small parking lot.", 4, 0], "9w0mfEiiyvG-4eZCD8ZDJQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "9/25/2016", "Good was unexpectedly \"not good\". Chicken Parmesan was soggy and tasteless; London broil or flank steak was inedible and had an off flavor. Bruschetta was good. Salad was 100% iceberg- yuck. Won't be going there ever again.", 1, 0], "CXVBVIBNlwfkB8iAw6sdwA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/25/2016", "I went with two friends after I'd been craving Italian food for two weeks. I had the gnocchi carbonara, my one friend had the chicken parmesan and the other linguini with white clam sauce. One of my favorite Italian dishes are fried ravioli, which are a St. Louis, MO favorite. These were some of the best I'd had east of the Mississippi. Unlike most linguini with clam sauce, which can be over powered by garlic or the white wine, this was perfectly made and you could taste the clams with every bite. The chicken parmesan was \"super delicious\" and a \"9.5/10\". My gnocchi carbonara, while the gnocchi were a little crunchy, was delicious. I can't say that a little bit of crunch should detract from the five stars. We had a lovely waitress who was gracious and friendly. When a place has been around for 84 years, they have to be doing something right.", 5, 1], "vpuHLdcqYHoYM1tm064ghw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "4/2/2016", "I got delivery. I'd give it like 3.5 stars on taste. But the issue is the quantity they gave me. Honestly, I laughed when opened the container. I'm not the type to call back and complain so i just ate it. My hope is that someone from the restaurant reads this shitty review and makes a modest change because it would be easy and the impact on cost would be non existent. . Chicken parm I got. Like seriously, just pound the chicken flatter with a tenderizing mallet and and give the consumer at lease the illusion of thinking they are getting something worth their money. The piece of chicken was a hair under the size of my little fist - I have little hands like Donald Trump, so it was really small. The amount of pasta I think could probably feed a newborn. I think the pasta was gone in like 4 bites. I'm making me sound like a huge fat ass. But i'm not. Quite the opposite. 5'10\" foot tall 165 lbs. Google it. My wife got a flatbread sandwich with fries for 13 dollars. It was also an undersized sandwich that would be like 8 or 9 bucks at a normal respectable place. Tasted great in fact. But certainly not worth 13 bucks. Fuck these assholes.", 1, 5], "kUs7SAj3FsP88whbNKEetA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/29/2016", "great staff, were the only ones eating at 430, food isn't that good, tried 2 dishes chicken and eggplant", 2, 0], "ez6Nf1bTkHL7GCH2rF8Fwg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/5/2016", "So the Columbia Fencing Team just had the pre-competition dinner at Joe's the night before the opening of the 2016 Ivy League Fencing Championships. I have been to Ithaca about 20 times over my 36-year history at Columbia. I have had the honor of eating at Joe's several times with many teams including Women's Soccer. It's a basic Italian menu with good service and attention to getting the food out quick to a large group. Plenty of room for a team. Private enough that the team could relax, be loud, laugh and not be disruptive to the local clients. Easy in and easy out even with a busload. Unlimited bread sticks, salad, drinks and pasta. The grilled chicken and Chicken Parmesan are both good and filling. If based on the food this is the beginning of a great weekend!", 3, 2], "KBbWLLjJHNqedz4UoEnS4w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/27/2015", "We were looking for a place open on Christmas for a good meal (hopefully something besides a Denny's). We turned the corner , and lo and behold Joe 's was open ! Joe's is kind of an old-school Italian restaurant, that's been open for 90 years. We were immediately met with a very friendly host, and were seated right away. The host told us this was their ninth year of being open on Christmas Day. We lucked out at the time we arrived, because numerous people came in behind us and either had a reservation or had to wait for a table. I had the vodka chicken, and it was delicious. The homemade breadsticks were a nice complement too. Considering they had to work on Christmas Day, they had a very friendly staff too. It looked like they had a special limited menu for Christmas, so I'll definitely go back on a friday evening and order off the regular menu and try something different.", 4, 1], "7icUvz4CqUL-ZhpKrgIQ8Q": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/9/2015", "Very good Italian American food, as the name implies! They serve traditional dishes and they do it very well. They have a pretty nice drinks menu as well. Very friendly staff! Televisions at the bar. Quite a nice dining space, too.", 5, 0], "pNAr4nNXbtAv36e2CbHl1A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/1/2015", "Uninspired \"Italian\" food that uses Kraft parmesan cheese. Flat-bread sandwiches were okay, but overpriced, and at the height of lunch service, the spacious dining room was completely empty. They need to add some zest to the menu and the location. Perhaps a diner-style restaurant with fresh food and twists on Italian flavors? Handy location, though - a block up from Ithaca bakery.", 2, 1], "ZcozG-ap6gA2uhVURgsJPA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/10/2015", "Came here with my boyfriend for his birthday. Service was friendly and food was good. Only reason they are getting three stars is because they brought out the wrong entree for me. However, it was fixed quickly. Their arrabbiata sauce is no joke though. If you can't handle spicy food, don't order it.", 3, 1], "zXJnE1lFYJfVk8p4fMTx2Q": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "9/20/2015", "I don't know why certain people dislike this place so much. (I don't trust people who use the word \"hubs\", so let's begin with that premise - forgive me.) I am a vegetarian, which admittedly limits my scope. But if you want hearty, basic, unpretentious Italian-American food, just give it a try! It's not fancy and the prices --let's say \"something for everyone\" -- reflect that. I think it's a safe bet for kids and for when your parents are in town. It's also good for a quick week-night meal. Again, no pretense but a decent, non-overreaching menu and a pretty nice location with good parking options and a nice, un-crowded ambiance. Their pizza is super! One thing I'd change is lose the iceberg lettuce in the salads and so, okay..it would help if somebody'd tell them there's a drought in California and a locavore movement in CNY -- which doesn't help in the dead of winter, I realize...Still, Joe's is much better than Olive Garden and /but all over the U.S.A. people are lining up and waiting over 45 minutes for that brand of corporate over-priced mediocrity and tackiness. (Just try it!)", 4, 8], "JS5s9XIXJq6b8Q3Z7UzGrA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/17/2015", "Made a reservation for eight people a week ago and everything went very smoothly. The wait staff was accommodating and helpful (and good to children) and their level of attention is ideal; not pesky but there when you need them.A few of us ordered chicken parms and they were wonderful! The calamari was perfect and the breadsticks were warm and tastefully seasoned. Also, if you haven't tried their Italian dressing then you're missing out! It's sweet, tangy, and thicker than most store-brands. I would buy it for home use if possible!We all left happy - both with the food AND drink selection ( they have Ithaca's Caskazilla on tap!). 5/5", 5, 1], "rQaiT-ukfLs-BF0T_JhBoQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/2/2015", "I hadn't been here in 15 years and the food held up. Ordered flatbread sandwiches, which are essentially small pizza shells rolled in half and stuffed. Great French fries and the meatballs for my sandwich were fresh and tasty.", 4, 5], "RwB_ZFboOw5whz27QEEhZA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "6/27/2015", "Love the new renovations! The food was dynamite from the amazing salad and delicious breadsticks to the Alforno and finalized with the best mud pie ever! Thanks to Kristen for excellent service We look forward to our return to Joes!", 5, 0], "l_U2u6MYOGwT1MoidkPicg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "3/30/2015", "Ordered a makers on the rocks at the bar, got a REALLY nice pour for $6.50. Calamari were pretty good, from frozen but in a yummy kind of puffy batter instead of the usual cornmeal crust. Nice marinara. Will come back and try the pizza, it seemed like a nice place. No it's not authentic homemade Italian, but for the price it's a decent feed, nice locals, unpretentious.", 3, 0], "xgNeFOB2xgGHMQUdfwcCkw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "3/21/2015", "We just had fries and the arancini di riso (risotto filled croquettes). Both were just \"meh\". Didn't really have any flavor. The arancini just tasted like fried balls of plain white rice. I'd be willing to go back to at least give a full pasta entree a try.", 2, 0], "cPy65I--saGSBDsxubLOuw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "3/21/2015", "i was driving around ithaca recently and had no idea where i wanted to eat. i wanted to try somewhere i haven't been before. i drove by this place about 50 times or more and decided to give it a try. i figured if it had been around since the 1930s they must be doing something right. while the meal i had was ok, it seems like i definitely missed out on the glory days of this place. from what i read, it's been through a few owners over the years and it seems like something got lost along the way.i went in and sat at the bar. the place did look really nice on the inside, i'll give them that, and i didn't notice any foul odors like other reviewers. the bartender asked if i wanted a drink. i declined and asked for a menu. i got one and then was ignored for 10 minutes. i ended up getting a pizza and an order of chicken parm to go. when i got home i tried the pizza first. it was $11 for a 12\" 3 cheese pizza, which wasn't cooked in a wood fire oven or anything. there's no reason a pizza at that price cooked this way shouldn't be a bit bigger. the crust had a good texture. not too crisp and a little chewy. the sauce is the same they used on their chicken parm/spaghetti and i feel like it worked better on the pizza. the sauce was ok, nothing i haven't had before on spaghetti, but i haven't seen it used too often on pizza, and i feel like that's where it worked better. the chicken parm was actually cooked perfectly, at least in my opinion anyways. it was easy to cut, tender, the breading wasn't overcooked, it was what i was looking for. at $15 for the chicken and a huge helping of spaghetti i thought that item was priced fairly. i did notice on the menu they had chicken wings that were an order of 9 for $11. glad i passed on that one. i was also given some breadsticks, which were pretty good as welloverall i'd give this place a 2.5. food was ok, the place looked nice, but the service i got was kinda sub par.", 2, 2], "QVvbzRtFecox16XcYR7r8A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/17/2014", "Joe's has awesome food and a great environment right downtown. Service is friendly and fast. Prices are on the high end but still reasonable.", 5, 0], "Gytf1HHmZ2WXimUTprTWsA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/26/2014", "So much better than the other reviews led me to believe. Is it the Joe's you remember from 20 years ago? No. Is it bad? Definitely not. I came to Ithaca with a college friend & our 5 kids 5-12. The prices were totally reasonable- $15 for large portions of pasta. I had enough tortellini in pesto to feed 3 people. She had the penne in vodka sauce. Both were solidly good. Fresh Parmesan instead of jarred might've been nice. The kids had very generous kid size portions which were $8 including a beverage. The salad was generous and good. Our server was great. The wine selection was ok. We didn't have have dessert. It was a good meal and a lovely room. Really, the weakest link was the host. He was cold on the phone when we called for reservations was no better in person. Literally walked briskly ahead of us, placed menus on the table & left before we were all even halfway to the table. But the dinner service & food were both well executed. I'd come back.", 4, 0], "QywTb-qbYN-3Z-ct-bu0-A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/16/2014", "Ithaca restaurants had not had me happy until I stopped into Joe's. I sat at the bar and asked the bartender what was good. She suggested the chicken vodka. I went with it and a Caesar salad. Salad was fresh but dressing was probably from a jar. The chicken vodka was very good. Sauce was tasty vodka sauce that was creamy with chunks of tomato. The chicken was cooked right and the saut\u00e9ed button mushrooms were a nice added touch. The penne was cooked al dente believe it or not. The bartender was nice and service was friendly. Not sure of all the negative reviews especially since the other restaurants in Ithaca are not so great. Give it a try.", 4, 0], "P2JWzx69H7j5ttT13yrraQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "6/25/2014", "Punched food into the GPS and ended up driving by this place. So we went in! My hubs and I were in town for interviews and were starving afterwards. As soon as we walked in I noticed this terrible smell. I couldn't quite place it, urine? Soggy dog? Ugh it put me off! I really needed to go to the bathroom so we stayed--otherwise I would've bolted.I looked at the menu, and I was like uhhhh NO. But again we were already seated and were the only folks in there. I ended up getting something off thier express lunch menu-meaning all this stuff is sitting under lamps back there I'm sure. I got chicken tenders and fries, the hubs the meatball sub. Everything was fine, not good, not bad. The setting is beautiful on the inside!!!! This is definitely a place you take someone you want to impress. The wait staff looked like they should've been dressed better for a place like that. I felt under dressed too. But again it was almost 3 on a Wednesday afternoon--EH.I wouldn't seek this place out again.", 2, 1], "HnZuW_xSe4dhSHotywGYxQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "6/6/2014", "Excellent from start to finish. Tasty bruschetta, ravioli and calamari for starters. The lasagna was terrific. The red sauce is great. And the dessert! The best mud pie we have ever had! Thanks for the great service and hospitality.", 5, 1], "v56mwQ0r8i8ZCoXRJGQleg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/18/2014", "I have memories of coming here and the food being great. This last trip while not terrible, everything was just 'OK'. We arrived early before the dining room was filled for dinner and we were sat at the entrance to the kitchen. The constant traffic was frustrating.Our food arrived warm but nothing wowed us. The calamari used to be awesome, this time it came out a little under cooked.Maybe I'll try again to see if it was just an off night.", 2, 0], "cddFJ2XrSi216qZ-PltmCw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/8/2013", "When I was a kid it was a huge deal to put on your black patent-leather shoes, white tights and your best dress to go to Joe's on a Saturday night with your family. I have such fond memories of what Joe's used to be. Present day, I'd rather go to Olive Garden. And I'm Italian. Yes, I mean it.", 2, 6], "Qb-_rDVTEZm6yF8i4KU51g": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/12/2013", "Joe's is just a mediocre restaurant. They have food that would probably be better if you prepared it at home (or got it at Wegman's). The service wasn't superb. The seating is hit or miss; we sat at a table in between two families and ended up feeling like we were members of both. Made for an awkward dinner. Definitely pricey, considering that we drank water, got an appetizer, and had two of the cheaper entrees offered ($50 with tip).", 2, 0], "GzV9jlkanLBMA-OBlj5V1w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/9/2013", "i hope they do something about the smell. it was like a mixture of dry dog food and head and shoulders shampoo. server was super nice but the deserts left a lot to be desired..", 2, 2], "r88LHd_ObmMAJvhchWrNaw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/28/2013", "Service good........food just ok.Weird... They put onions in their Caesar salad. Pricy $25 for chicken Parm, salad and soda. I", 3, 0], "2XcbRyRPTJefN6VjtHjySg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/21/2013", "RHaven't been to Joes in years! Was surprised by the total improvements since then! Food was great! Service was stellar! Reasonable price for a plate of spaghetti ! Fresh salad! And great excellent service! Did I mention the fast friendly service? Reminds me of the Joe's I used to go to in the late 70's and early 80's!", 5, 1], "mWRceQlsqJPBurB2xd_wHQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "7/5/2013", "Nice diner. Nothing big nothing fancy but good food delivered quick. Pricey.", 4, 0], "QNm_etVQH2wgSFpl16CN5A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "4/30/2013", "This place is OK but my parents love it. On the one hand, they do have express lunch options that are $7 and $8 (side salad included). On the negative, when I asked the waitstaff if any of the salad dressing are made in house, she explains that they all come pre-prepared... this is a big disappointment and leads me to think that a lot of the other stuff isn't made fresh in house. I had the spaghetti and meatballs the other day and my marinara sauce was too watery. On the positive, my coffee was good, and the service was very good. I love the paper on the tables.", 2, 0], "6QG28MiS2GG6x49PgyQwmg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "4/12/2013", "Service was great and the decor was attractive.The rest of our experience was really disappointing. The food seemed really mediocre across the board. I was really unimpressed with the salad -- way worse than even Olive Garden in terms of quality of ingredients and the 'house' dressing was gross. I don't care for garlic powder, so I did not care for the bread sticks, either. We also found out that even their basic red sauce has anchovies and a bit of cream, so there is nothing on the menu that is vegetarian or dairy-free! Entrees were sort of bland and could be made at least as well at home. Even though we live nearby, we won't bother going back.", 2, 0], "F-BmCX8bq7L_Ufrh76n53A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "4/11/2013", "Huge portions! Great food. The flat bread pizza was sooo good (I got the bbq chicken flat bread pizza). The calamari was great and the portion was huge. It was enough calamari for 4 people. We had a great time. The restaurant is lovely inside and I got good service. We were there are happy hour. It was lovely.", 5, 1], "sUTjxGlvNFJafB7PDbhWnA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/14/2013", "I first experienced Joe's in 2000 when it quickly became one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca. It went downhill for several years, and was closed completely by 2002. Was THRILLED to visit Ithaca this weekend and find the restaurant was back open again under new management.A lot of Joe's classics had returned, the great sauce, the deep fried cheese ravioli, and the bread sticks, just to name a few. The prices seem to have inched up a bit since when I first went there, however, they do offer family sized portions that would comfortably feed four... One of those was just about $30, so I think the restaurant is still a good value.You can't beat the atmosphere at Joe's especially if you're sitting in the front room.Only request to the restaurant is to bring back the homemade pasta from yesteryear - they used to do a KILLER linguine, and i hope they'll consider doing their pastas homemade again.", 4, 0], "oWGrqToEgguyQZzrDq_f3w": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/9/2012", "Very disappointing. They were busy, 2 college sports teams were there, but...service was very SLOW. Waitress was sweet, brought our bread, took our order, brought salad. Then we sat for 30+ minutes waiting for our entrees. Plates were not cleared even though the waitress, numerous bus people and the manager walked by. Dirty dishes were still on the table when the entrees came out, they had to balance them on the edge of the table to clear the salad plates. My entree came out wrong, had to flag someone to tell them. They brought the correct one quickly and correctly. We had to ask for more water and bread. After eating we sat some more and had to ask for our check. Food was good , but I think too pricey. Entrees do not include salad , for $8 more you can get a salad bowl for 2. I think we'll pass on going back.", 2, 0], "jo2v0mSbz-Cr7e4NAGYaHg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/14/2012", "Really enjoyed our dinner at Joe's after a long day out touring the area. Pizza and Chicken Cordon Bleu special were very good. Service was polite and attentive--and the prices made it a good overall value.", 3, 0], "G9fAdKd4DVR8ALRAUov5_g": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/7/2012", "Its standard Italian-american food. The service is OK and the place looks nice. However, the food is nothing special. I could make better italian food at home in my underwear.", 2, 0], "LMeHSWaXd8qHIbetBEDSAg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "3/12/2012", "I went here an a recommendation from a friend and was astounded at how mediocre the food was. (There's no accounting for taste, I supppose.) I ordered the beef medallions, and requested them to be cooked medium. They came well-done and covered in sauce that was obviously from a jar, which is fine for $4 but not over $20. The pasta was way overcooked. The cheese sticks tasted like they were from the freezer. I don't mind an occasional slip-up, but this simply poor food at an unfair price. ZaZa's is a much better deal. How do places like this continue to exist?", 1, 1], "6C-0ahonfRB7xk17h9Atww": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "1/22/2012", "I've eaten at Joe's in the past, probably 5 year ago or so. Back then I remembered it as being over priced for mediocre Italian cuisine. From what I understand, they have hired new management and have been working on their menu. At a friend's recommendation I decided to give it another go. We started with a the Goat Cheese Bruchetta and their wings. Both very, very good. The wings were nice and crispy on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside, with a tasty buffalo sauce on them. For my meal, I chose the Chicken Parm, my usual go to at an Italian place. The chicken itself was seasoned well and the sauce was quite authentic. Their portions are large enough to bring some home for lunch the next day.Overall, I was quite impressed with the quality of the food and the time taken to make some of the items from scratch. I will definitely be back when I need to get my Italian fix.", 5, 1], "8XVGZE9kIWICTg1SefpOdg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "9/22/2011", "Years ago this was one of only a few good restaurants in Ithaca. Had a family dinner with 6 people. The food was mediocore at best after waiting almost 45 minutes for it. The wait staff could care less about you being there.I will never go back", 1, 0], "bABPZjHL9RHfKOc-_Gi80g": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/14/2011", "Really good food. Large portions. Salad and breadsticks were good.  We vacationed in Ithaca. The Alfredo was excellent. The service was friendly. It has been in business long time for the right reason. The food is good.", 4, 0], "TTh3TanBgONon7TqxyUM4A": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/12/2011", "I used to love Joe's when I was a kid growing up in Ithaca, and as a college student. When I returned to town 3 years ago, I went back, only to find that the menu had changed drastically, and not for the better. I returned again last spring, hoping they had worked out some of the kinks, but the menu was essentially the same. They had \"fancified\" the menu with all sorts of entrees they never used to have, and had a system of portions that ranged from piccolo (supposedly a single serving), to large (for two), or family-size. What annoyed me most, though, was that you couldn't just order a plate of pasta with the sauce of your choice. I could not understand why this most basic choice was not on the menu.Well, I returned last night because I was craving a nice, comforting plate of pasta. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Joe's has completely revamped the menu. They have the standard run of entrees - chicken marsala, lasagna, manicotti, etc, but what I loved was that on the first page (of two), they had a list of pastas to choose from (including whole wheat!) and a choice of sauces. The choice of pastas also included tortellini and ravioli. I thought the cost for the pasta dishes reasonable ($10-14 depending on choice of pasta/sauce). I didn't take a good look at the entrees, but prices seemed to be about $15-17 or so.I had the Greens & Beans soup, which was only ok. It definitely needed some seasoning. The bottomless salad was a standard iceberg lettuce salad as others have described, and no, the dressing is not as good as it once was. The breadsticks were dry, and the only flavor seemed to come from the pile of grated cheese on top. There was no dipping sauce for them (but I don't recall them ever coming with sauce).The whole wheat pasta with creamy pesto was just what the doctor ordered, though. Pasta al dente, and the sauce tasty. Comfort food!The service was average - not terribly attentive (she forgot our waters) or fast (it took her a while to come take our orders). One thing I found a little irritating was that when she introduced herself, she also wrote her name on our paper tablecloth. I've never seen that done before, and I'm not sure I liked it. The atmosphere was too casual for date night (lights were too bright), though this was a Thursday evening.Anyway, I am giving them 4 stars, because, yay, their menu has improved, and I can now get a plate of tasty pasta at a reasonable price.", 4, 2], "bR_efN7hPjTH7gUP9-ZAhg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/30/2011", "Worst Italian food in Ithaca. Its like a locally owned Olive Garden. Bland palates love it. Great location and interior, but go to Lucatelli's or ZaZa's instead if you know your food.", 1, 1], "md_Z2cZ-pouBWJqs8BpLNQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "3/5/2011", "Honestly, abysmal. Ordered delivery and it took way longer than they predicted. Really poor quality food. I can not judge the quality or experience in the restaurant but the delivery was worse than cooking your own pasta at home.", 1, 0], "Vg6PmJiNvr611FEtpv9wDA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "1/20/2011", "I ordered an expensive pizza which wasn't too good and I know pizza! The service was alright though. Do not plan on coming back!", 2, 0], "EWHtON9Um4-Qjv0CKzCrFQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/20/2010", "Like all of the other people have written, i LOVED Joes as a kid - it was very literally my favorite restaurant. But the new Joes was very disappointing. Biggest for me was the (bottomless) salad dressing - the old dressing was SOOO good. But the new dressing is gross and really sweet. And the breadsticks also lead a lot to be desired. Makes me sad...", 2, 1], "IZEb3tu6PJfLs72UXWZPqw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/13/2010", "I was in Ithaca for a couple days. Chilly evening. Felt like a nice hot bowl of spaghetti and meatballs. Went looking for same at Joe's. Didn't find it. The place was practically deserted when I arrived about 6 p.m. on a Wednesday evening. I was seated next to the restroom, but didn't complain. The waitress was pleasant and attentive. She brought the iced tea I ordered. I reached into the little container on the table for a packet of sugar. They were all stuck together, as if someone had spilled liquid on them and they just sat there and dried without being replaced.Next came the salad and breadsticks. The salad was perfectly ordinary -- iceberg lettuce, a few bits of shredded carrot, some red cabbage for color, onion rings, big hunks of cucumber, etc. Someone should move the lettuce to a warmer part of the refrigerator -- a few of the leaves were frozen. The dressing was out of a bottle (gelled and stabilized to a fare-thee-well) and way too sweet. Would it be too much trouble for the kitchen to whisk together some olive oil, a little vinegar, salt, and pepper? The breadsticks were fine. You have a choice of size when ordering anything on the menu -- regular, large, or family-size -- with prices to match. Resist the temptation to upsize no matter how hungry you think you are -- the regular portion is more than enough (believe me). Now, as for the spaghetti and meatballs, it was pretty bad. Everything was woefully underseasoned. The meatballs had no flavor whatsoever (honestly, I'm not exaggerating). I also didn't care for the texture. Some might call them extremely tender. I call them mushy (think pudding -- round, brown, flavorless pudding). The tomato sauce was equally disappointing. It was very sour, but otherwise bland -- as though someone had simply heated up a can of not very good tomatoes and dumped it over the pasta. It could've used a little of the sugar that was in the salad dressing -- and maybe a pinch of salt, some herbs, a couple cloves of garlic, a bit of sauteed onion...You know, Ithaca could really use an Olive Garden or a Macaroni Grill. Either one would be a big improvement over Joe's, sad to say.", 2, 1], "NbI6pAQkmz5veJHYOkV3yQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "10/8/2010", "This is a hard place to review because it's so inconsistent.I've gotten terrible service and subpar meals a number of times but i just keep going back...for the endless salad bowl, the breadsticks, and the sangria.Sometimes the rest of the food is well prepared and the server is attentive, but sometimes you wait for half an hour before they bother to come by for your drink order and at the end of a bland meal the server doesn't even have a pen to lend you to sign for your credit card.", 2, 0], "GY7qKrAbc8sJFG_8JgNw3Q": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/17/2010", "What a disappointing experience. The OLD Joe's establishment would have received five stars...excellent service, a pasta pescatore dish I still dream about, and tiramisu that rivals any I've ever had.The new Joe's was less than stellar. Our waitress was less than attentive, and another server ended up having to refill our drinks and get our boxes. We waited far too long for our entrees, and it seemed to cause a huge issue when we asked that our drinks be served with dinner. When our waitress found out we were looking for her, our service became even worse.The house salad was fine. The breadsticks were average, but no better than what you'd find at (gasp!) Olive Garden. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer. It was okay, but I felt it was coated too heavily which detracted from the actual flavor of the calamari itself. I ordered the piccolo seafood pescatore, hoping it would be like the dish I once had. It was not. The clam sauce was thin and too spicy (I'd even asked my waitress about the spice level and she said it was barely detectable). There were only two mussel shells on the dish, and one was empty (with the mussel it should have contained nowhere to be found elsewhere in the dish). I would hardly call two undercooked scallops, two overcooked shrimp, one mussel, and one empty mussel shell a \"bounty\" of seafood.Skip Joe's and make some pasta at home. It's likely to be better than what you'd (over)pay for here.", 2, 3], "Ce4NyIMf45wbyP-Z7_EQ7Q": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "2/2/2010", "Meh - it's okay. It strikes me as the kind of restaurant a college student might take their parents to - too expensive for most kids to afford, but the ambiance is pretty nice.I grew up in Ithaca and we enjoyed dinner at Joe's for each and every special occasion, from first communions to graduations. I really looked forward to the chicken parm, and the unlimited salad and breadsticks. However, once I left Ithaca and experienced the rest of the world, I realized Joe's is pretty mediocre when it comes to a dining experience. And definitely not worth the wait on a Friday or Saturday night.", 2, 2], "qB0MfxMVeWMHFgQPYbhXgQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "1/19/2010", "The only time I write reviews is for an extremely good experience or for an extremely bad experience. Unfortunately this review is for the latter. Immediately, our service was very slow and unprofessional, it took quite awhile to receive our salad and breadsticks, of which the breadsticks were the only redeeming quality of the entire meal. I kept thinking our waitress forgot about us after having our menus closed for at least 8-10 minutes waiting to order. After admitting to us that their sauce comes pre-bought in a jar, our entrees which came out were very bland and nothing spectacular. We decided to order a dessert, as the dinner didn't quite satisfy, and were very disappointed with that as well. It was overpriced and simply a store bought pie crust filled with ice cream and a little hot fudge. Overall, Joe's was not at all worth the rather expensive bill and I will not be trying it again.", 1, 3], "9_GF27NzgAPxRgKwqvRCIw": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/10/2009", "Try the half-price appetizers in the bar. This special is good anytime. Delightful ambience and very inexpensive. Perfect beginning or end to an evening out.", 4, 1], "fNM2SN61YXdJ-zaEXsoTnQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "11/6/2008", "Joe's was very good a long time ago. Since reopening, the food is just average, nothing special. I was just there last month; needed a calamari fix, as I'm eating I wonder why I tried once again and wished I hadn't. The staff is very pleasant, the food is terrible, and not worth trying. Not even once. I vowed to never try again.Save your money, you can get a better meal at Wegmans our local grocery!", 1, 1], "kMPMUgrUermpYMZ55_j0wQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "8/13/2008", "I went here last fall to celebrate a friend's dinner, and there wasn't anything special to it. The menu was a pretty standard Italian menu and the flavors were just as standard. The prices were definitely not worth it.If you want decent pizza for much less, go to Sammy's or somewhere else.", 2, 0], "_XAJUiGLaIobUNA96qKfPA": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/16/2008", "My friends and I eat here every time we visit Ithaca. It's our favorite restaurant in town. We've been eating at Joe's since we went to school at IC back in '92. Although Joe's has closed and since reopened with a slight bit of interior redecorating, almost everything is the same. The bottomless salad bowl with house dressing is a must-have as are the soft garlic breadsticks.  We've eaten several baskets of them just at one dinner. I ordered the Chicken Marsala the last time I ate here and it was delicious. Perfectly cooked. We had a group of about 12 people and everyone was happy and satisfied with their meals. So much so that we are looking forward to eating at Joe's again the next time we visit.", 5, 1], "YRRBHEHUINI9OVwTMLsyFQ": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "5/7/2007", "I used to go to Joe's all the time when I lived in Ithaca. When I was home last I thought I would try it out again. I think that I heard the old owners and chefs have moved on and I could tell. The salad was not that great my meal chicken marsalla an old favorite was inedible the only thing that was good were the bread sticks and even those tasted liked warmed stale bread sticks.  Oh the dipping sauces were a hit.", 1, 0], "JJui1aoQEgYjV2sdfZASPg": ["Yelp", "Joe\u2019s Restaurant", "12/25/2006", "A bit of a disappointment. While the food was okay it certainly wasn't worth the prices they are charging. The food was somewhat bland in taste and the portions were on the small side.", 2, 0]}
{"tPTdYqttBMY1vK5ZZdFJXg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/20/2019", "So the food at Kilpatrick's is great. It's also nice that it seems to be consistently less busy than other restaurants on the commons, perhaps because of its location, so it's easier to get a table at peak hours.That being said, the service is **very** hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, friendly, and efficient. Other times I've sat waiting for a half hour to order food or drinks, and decided to head up to the bar to place a drink order. It seems like when this happens they're just understaffed, so it's not **really** anyone's fault, so I can't really hold it against them. But it does make me wary about going back.The mac & cheese is top tier amazing, but has also made me sick a few times (pretty sure I'm low-key lactose intolerant, so disregard unless you have a similar experience in which case maybe it is the mac & cheese after all). They have a few different sandwiches on the menu which are also fantastic. The rotating beer drafts are surprisingly often better and more interesting than nearby beer joints (Reds and Ale House, both of which I love dearly, but also need to step up their beer game). The selection of whiskey is also very impressive, and I've had a few cocktails I've really enjoyed.", 4, 0], "7n13yOUUNNxSxSvRkrEz6g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/12/2018", "Had a quick dinner at Kilpatricks. The lamb burger was quite good, but the fish and chips - while a good serving - were oily and over salted. The fries were not bad but the mashed potatoes were lumpy and also over salted. We got a flight of beer at the bar while we were waiting for our table - a good selection for the price. However maybe because we had the beer our server never brought us water. This became a problem when eating the salty fish!", 3, 2], "szpd934S3SE3dAmVVfb-TQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/11/2018", "The place was croweded so i am going to blame some of my criticisms on that issue. Very slow service and i mean slow. They were out of a lot of foods on the menu. They put cheddar cheese on a vegan burger Some of the food was good but won't go back", 3, 0], "Bz9jMp0I1h-8Uxi1GwM8_g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/10/2018", "This is the first time in ages that I've come here and was very disappointed. I live in Ithaca and probably won't go here again.  Host was great and she worked to get us a table. then it was all down hill. We got the buffalo tofu appetizer which was decent and a huge amount for the large portion. I ordered the salmon but only after 15 minutes did the waiter come back to tell me thwart were out of salmon even though it was only 730. then i ordered the avocado salad which was terrible. looks like they just took some greens out of the bag and threw a few slices of avocado and grated cheese on it. The food took so long we had to rich eating it to make our play. My dining companions had the veggie and regular burgers which were ok.  Nice big booths were good for talking and beer selection was good but pricey.", 2, 1], "h8iPfoqubheeV_ej1X4JNQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/12/2018", "11 of us spending a weekend in the finger lakes met up here for lunch. Great atmosphere, good food, inferior service. There were literally 2 other patrons there. It took 45 minutes to get our food, half of of us had to ask for silverware, no timely check backs for drinks, etc. If I lived here I would not go back. Since I don't, I will simply not recomend it.", 2, 1], "Bi0Vhbvrt_ZRT7qoMQQGUA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/25/2018", "Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn and thought that this was their attempt at a pub, so I gave it a pass my first night because it was the hotel bar and I thought I should venture out on my first night in town. I ended up there on my second night. The space is really welcoming, with booths, tables, and a small but inviting bar. Great selection of craft beer and a knowledgeable bartender. Solid pub menu--I got the beet salad, which was delicious, and the chicken curry.", 4, 0], "Y_MsCqrV6nXAZPgMto6yow": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/2/2018", "Agreed with other reviews that French onion soup was extra salty, kids Mac and cheese was Kraft and corned beed in Reuben was super dry. Overall, seems like there are better options in town.", 2, 0], "9UdkKUZILv2kx7A9KJ6NWw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/24/2018", ". We went for lunch today and were very disappointed! We waited for 30 minutes to get our food and there were only 10 other people in the restaurant, most of whom were waiting also. My wife's Onion Soup was extra salty , had very little cheese and the bread was not toasted. I ordered the Chicken Sandwich which was very dry, the bacon was really hard and the fries were soggy! We will not be returning anytime soon!", 1, 0], "on8Jq2WItWSFSEvjajjiQA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/22/2018", "Absolutely the worst bar experience I've had in downtown Ithaca. Walking into this not so busy bar in the middle of the afternoon was apparently not a good idea at all. 3 of us sat at the bar and were asked if we were interested in food or just drinks. We were given a menu and NO drink orders were taken and the bartender was gone. Apparently this poor employee was the only person running the show and had to be runner, waitress, and bartender all at the same time. We saw a blonde female manager walking around but it looked as if she wasn't concerned about making sure things were running smoothly. After about ten minutes we were finally asked what we would like to drink. 3 drinks.. 3 disappointments.. the Guinness was flat, the special 'rum punch' was served in a shot glass full of ice, and there was no citrus vodka whatsoever for my Cosmo. We ordered appetizers with our first round. The whole time we sat there we never saw the bartender\\waitress behind the bar. The whole reason we sat at the bar is so we could get quick service but I guess this business doesn't care about daytime customers. We sat and sat with empty drinks while food kept coming out to other patrons outside on the sidewalk. They kept getting drinks however those of us sitting right at the bar kept getting passed over. When we finally ordered a second round our food still hadn't come out yet, after about thirty minutes. We finished our drinks again without a bartender behind the bar and were still waiting on our food. How long does it take to serve up loaded chips and soft pretzels?? Finally she showed up again as we ordered a third round of drinks we cancelled our food order as we were sick of waiting. There seemed to be no urgency in making our next round of drinks so we cashed out not wanting to sit around waiting anymore. The waitress\\bartender informed us she was the only person working.. why wasn't the manager helping her? There are plenty of places to go grab a drink and snack after work on the commons and you can bet I will never go back to Kilpatricks. My suggestion, hire a damn bartender so your customers won't walk out and tell all of their friends NOT to ever give this place their hard earned money.", 1, 2], "ZswEsGlHAIq8FdBOVANoCw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "5/28/2018", "Great location and awesome bartender! I ordered a margarita (at an Irish pub...) and it was awesome. We did not eat here, but their french onion soup looked delicious!", 5, 0], "vUnNzHhZgwdB3NKhb2A95Q": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/1/2018", "Great bartender, David. Stop in for a late night drink on my birthday. He managed to find a piece of cake and a candle at midnight. Thank you for the hospitality!", 5, 0], "xvp1VzBBQcV9R3sSvtCtMQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/11/2018", "I was SO hesitant to try this place because I usually don't eat at restaurants with less than 4 stars on yelp, but Facebook convinced me. WHAT IS UP WITH ALL YOU YELPERS THAT RATED IT POORLY. This is exactly what I would have expected from an Irish pub, but with some cool twists on the menu like the gnocchi. Best meal I've had in a long time. I'm not a fan of carrots so I was like scared of this meal but the rest sounded so good I had to try it. You don't even taste the carrots. It just provides the Smokey flavor that makes this meal so good. I'm totally going to try and make this at home. Also my waitress was super nice and the cider was great :)", 5, 0], "TvDXW0s_JQV3NguvJRhBNA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/9/2018", "Great service, braised short ribs were delicious! Bartender was knowledgeable and friendly, a definite place to stop for lunch or dinner, the selection of beers and Irish Whisky will leave you feeling better than when you arrived.", 4, 0], "fjW9DL1P1ebX45IY1yMEmQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/26/2018", "Kind of a strange place, kind of dark with Bruges alcoves and lotsa dark wood.Waitress was great. All out of the Shepherds Pie. Must of had a run on it. Ordered the corned beef and cabbage instead. Not great. Very fatty and not super tasty. Very little cabbage. Boring wife had boring chicken. Hard to screw that up. Needed a card key for the bathroom as this restaurant is attached to the Hilton Garden Inn and there had been illegal drug usage in the restrooms. Oh my.", 3, 0], "bXthlrih8Q5Cv2Z_cqZefw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/25/2018", "Service is not great. Our group was 4 adults 4 children. The waitress brought out the regular menu and needed to be asked if there was a children's menu. After a long wait we finally got a children's menu. If I was the waitress I would assume a group with 4 kids would want kid's menus. Another long wait for food. My friend had to ask several times for a second soda. After we ate, the bills came and several mistakes were made. Our food was good but it wasn't outstanding.  We don't plan to go back.", 2, 2], "D07boBUf_XhiWONYy-eDSw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/17/2018", "While the food was alright, the service at Kirkpatrick's left a little bit to be desired. It took quite some time to get our food out to us (two couples finished their meal and left before we even got our food) and then the check took a long time to get back to us after being run. The authentic Irish charm of the place is nice, but I'd say if you're in a hurry, you may want to skip this spot.", 3, 0], "La7vgHQ9syiHjNrpeojeQA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/30/2017", "I have been wanting to try the Beyond Burger for some time. I haven't been able to justify buying it for myself simply because I don't usually like veggie burgers and if I didn't like it, it's kind of an expensive waste. I was happy to hear it was on the menu, and I was also able to add toppings of my choosing. I went classic: lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles and Gouda cheese. The burger came served on a beautifully toasted brioche bun. It was cooked perfect to my taste.The burger itself is made of beets, a food I do not like. However, I couldn't taste them in the burger and it was a really great overall meal. I'd order again for sure!", 5, 0], "6RKfvXIPLNbr4xHYwnh1Fg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/26/2017", "Cold beer, warm staff. Can't seem to get the grill down. Last time I ordered a burger, I asked for med. rare and got well done. I sent it back and got rare for second try. Today I asked for same burger med. rare, got a half well done(left side) half rare (right side) burger, will post a picture, it's actually pretty impressive.", 2, 0], "TPawUxkLKM4s3TtWnf0Ryg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/25/2017", "First off, the good: the food and drinks here are fantastic. Everything I've ever had here has been great, whether it's soup and salad, wings, burgers, and the incredible Irish chips. And Old Rasputin on tap?! Nice!But unfortunately, the not so good: sometimes the service dips tremendously. Over the course of 45 minutes, we saw our waitress maybe once - the rest of the times I had to seek her out to put in another drink order, or to pay and leave. Might have chalked it up to a busy night if I didn't find her so chatty with other staff...Very mixed experience. I'll ultimately be back, but would be nice to see greater emphasis on the entire experience.", 3, 1], "PKSmzb5M0e-d2dni7gN4og": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/24/2017", "We stumbled upon this pub today while looking for a hearty meal and were delighted to find great food and wonderful service. My husband had the Shepherd's Pie, and I had the Whiskey Chicken. Delicious! We will definitely be back to sample more of the menu and to try an ale.", 5, 0], "U-145RCxwaLrjUDukkAR8g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "5/6/2017", "So disappointed. Love the food here. On our return trip to Ithaca we stopped here for a late night dinner. Waited 20 minutes and finally got our own drinks at the bar. After another period of time, another group sat next to us. The waitress went right to them. I had to say something. (Excuse me. Nobody has helped us and we had to get out own drinks. Wtf! The food was ok but seriously!!", 2, 1], "5IxZiZ4YN_mIxf3WLK9ybA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/24/2017", "They sure know how to pour a proper pint of Guinness. Good burgers. Overloaded with everything. If they make a mistake hey make up for it in a drink. Good people.", 4, 1], "rgfBhZicKuoIIigmDkwEfA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/14/2017", "They're very efficient here. We got in, sat at the bar, and were engaged in a beer-recommendation conversation within twenty seconds. The bartender was excellent, and let me try two beers before we settled on the perfect choice. They've got a variety of interesting craft beers on tap, including a few from local Ithaca places. The interior is great for sitting and sharing a drink with a few friends. It's spacious and well-decorated with a true Irish flare. It wasn't busy when I went in, but I've heard it can sometimes become packed in here, as the place is very popular. The bartender was very friendly, and let us stay a bit past the 1am closing time to finish our drinks. He even changed a tap for us, just so our beer was as good as he could possibly make it. I'll be going back.", 4, 2], "LngLY-Pa-ZTBSG1zz-vCeQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/3/2017", "My family came in for a post-graduation, pre-wine tasting lunch and was impressed by the quality of the ingredients and heartiness of the food. We ordered the daily special of coddle, fish and chips, scotch egg, what we thought was going to be duck confit but turned out to be quail?, and a massive pig trotter's dish. The coddle was unexpectedly thickened, more of a stew similar to chicken and dumplings than a traditional coddle. Still very tasty with lots of meat bits and good veggies, bit on the salty side. The fried fish was very fresh although quite thickly battered. We had fun eating the chips with the four different sauces that came with it. The scotch egg was well-made and came with lots of delicious accompaniments like soda bread, pickles, and Irish cheddar. The quail was cooked rare with some bacon wrapped around it - tender with good flavor, but a lot of work to deal with little bones. Would have preferred the skin to have been crisped. The trotter was enormous but somewhat one-dimensional in flavor and the skin was neither crackling nor tender enough to eat. Oh, and we got a disappointing Banoffee pie that was mostly whipped topping with chocolate chips. More toffee needed.Overall, I thought Kilpatrick's delivered very solid value with a smile and local beer choices. And they have these semi-enclosed booths in the back that allow for more private dining.", 4, 2], "vUpOZ-CIDd0EfFkVqT23RQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/13/2016", "Got into town late and stopped in for the convenience of it. Glad we did! The Irish chips were not what we were expected, but enjoyed them and they hit the spot. The Fried Green Tomato Sandwich was a great combination of flavors. The Roast Beef Sandwich was also a big hit. Loved the local beer selection and the variety offered.", 4, 0], "2qx8iAtRPB5Vs181Ns18Uw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/28/2016", "The food at Kilpatricks had a great turnaround a few months ago - I now come religiously every couple of weeks. You may not have lived until you've had their Onion Boxty (especially in a burger). Their selection of beer is pretty good and goes great with the Pork and Pint. Couldn't recommend this place more - it's my go-to for a reliable good meal!", 5, 2], "VIPhGTw__pNbuqDJbaY9-g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/23/2016", "Our first time in Ithaca and the Fingers Lake region. With a number of food options downtown my group was looking for a relaxed, pub-like atmosphere and found it at Kilpatrick's. Very nice atmosphere, multiple seating options (e.g., booths vs. open tables) but more importantly great, friendly service (Victoria, our server was tremendous, and Tom, the owner, spent some quality time with us explaining his \"farm to glass\" approach to his local beers) and very good food (my Bangers & Mash were excellent). And a very good selection of beers (many locally made). All in all a very nice night and we'll be back in future trips.", 4, 0], "3H7JiljBD6ZujLwt6wUxEA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/14/2016", "I was really looking forward to eating at Kilpatrick's at the end of a long day of business travel. I had a drink there last year and chose to stay in the hotel to eat there. What a disappointment. I ordered the Shepherds Pie. Described as \"Created with lamb and lean beef, served simply with whipped garlic potato topping\" it sounded like Irish comfort food. What I received was a cast iron skillet with some crumble fried hamburger, mixed with a few frozen vegetables and a heaping serving of boxed mashed potatoes topped with bread crumbs. Talk about false advertising. There is a new Marriott open down the block. Next year I will try it. There are better food choices nearby. I realized after eating there why it was so empty at 6:30 on a Wednesday evening. No one that eats there, returns. Neat ambiance, very disappointing food.", 1, 2], "UtDETAmEiPilGKp2Bu4YpQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/9/2016", "Service was crazy good! Beers were decently priced and offered good selection. The location was good being right across public parking. The food was average and lacked flavor -", 3, 0], "rXOp2zXi2BSgLE1bkfArXw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/2/2016", "Stopped by for a beer and dinner (super cheap if you have the coupon from the Hilton Garden Inn)!I ordered a medium rare burger, a side of slaw and a bandwagon ale on the side. The burger had a great bun but the meat was a bit more on the medium side. For fillings, I chose the onion boxty, provolone cheese and sauteed mushrooms. The onion boxty was really yummy! Basically a beer-battered onion ring, it was crispy and added a nice crunch to my burger. For just $12 total, the burger and beer together really hit the spot and I'd definitely sign up for another if I came back!", 4, 2], "HjovTCezmoqsaYz9KnYYyg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/25/2016", "I was here on a beautiful summer Friday. My friends and I were looking for a nice treat before the weekend of moving. It was a toasty afternoon so we opted to sit inside in the air conditioned space. The ambiance is quite nice - it is a restaurant connected to the Hilton Garden so it is one of the larger restaurants in the Ithaca area. You have choices of regular tables, high tables (I think) and large booths. We opted for a booth for a more casual sitting. Within the booths, there were little TVs - we never found out what their main purpose was; it looked like they were connected to cable so it might be fun if there was a good game on, but it's also possible it is used for Trivia nights. At each booth, there were also trivia cards for guests to kill some time.We sat down and ordered some drinks. My friend ordered a light flight, my other friend a summer brew and me, a Moscow mule. Drinks came pretty quickly - we ordered our meals at that time. The menu had some traditional Irish items and then American items with \"an Irish twist\". My one friend got the burger and two of us got the fish fry. Here's when the wait for food took some time, which was surprising to me since the restaurant did not seem packed when we arrived. We started to get a bit hangry, but the trivia kept us occupied.My fish fry was practically a whole fish. Kilpatrick's served their fish fry with a side of \"mushy\" peas, chip shop curry and Bois Bourdran sauce and fries of course. The mushy peas came cold (not sure if that is standard) but I was not a big fan of it. I enjoy curry so the curry sauce was a nice treat. The Bois Bourdran sauce was also quite delicious and went well with my fish. The fish was a bit greasy for my taste but the fries were nice. I was so full from my meal. My other friend who had the fish fry also enjoyed it and my friend's burger looked very nice. Overall, it was a decent experience, decent choices for decent prices. The wait for the food was a bit annoying for us but needless to say, we had a good time. I have been here for a beer when the place was packed before so I would avoid it late on the weekends. Otherwise, nice spot.", 3, 2], "tVo_tLKDWDprwYre5kJ6IA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/22/2016", "went in for an afternoon beer and free wifi while we were in the area. Great selection of Ithaca beers on tap and not too expensive.", 4, 0], "PuqQyCsB06IUq7LAkWgbKg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/18/2016", "The staff/service are excellent, but the food leaves a bit to be desired. I got the Rachael sandwich and it was really lacking in flavor and the bread was partway to stale. The fries are eww. The cheese dip with the pretzel appetizer has no flavor, although the pretzels themselves and the mustard dip were pretty tasty. They don't actually have their own bathroom, but they are in the same building as a hotel and so you have to get a pass key from the wait staff and exit the pub into the hotel to use the bathroom.", 2, 0], "Mh4S9XqjL5fzBubfWRmHPw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "5/28/2016", "Ehh. Came here for graduation dinner because I made reservations too late, and everything else was booked except this place (bad sign).Our server was nice enough, but he informed us that we were the last table he's serving, ever, which was a bit odd.Anyway, I ordered a burger medium rare, and it was medium well at best. Was too hungry to send it back, but they really should know how to properly grill a burger at a pub.My guests complained that the salmon wasn't cooked well, and there was too much black pepper on everything, possibly to try to disguise the mediocre taste of the food.I quite enjoyed the apple crisp dessert, but the chocolate torte apparently wasn't warmed up enough.I guess you can come here if you don't have a choice. But pick another place otherwise. Ithaca has a lot of great options that aren't Kilpatrick's.", 2, 3], "BdE8_HPHQ4_I7Amu5Mq0Ow": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/24/2016", "Stopped in for an event which did not give us a great amount of time rate this place. But with the short time we spent here we had a great time. Plenty of great beers on tap with great service with a smile.We also sampled some bar pick foods pizza, quesadilla, chips and fries all hit the spot. Next stop in town we will sit down and sample the full menu.", 4, 2], "rbWHgJ-pv2Mnw-LVVW8mxA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/18/2016", "Wanted to like this place but it was really disappointing. Odd menu for an Irish pub as the vast majority of the menu isnt the least bit Irish. Only a few Irish dishes, not counting several Irish named dishes that arent the least bit Irish (e.g. quesadilla with an Irish name)The atmosphere is decent and the service is friendly, but the food is bad, really bad.We started with a brie app that sounded great. It was clearly microwaved as the inside was scorching hot and the outside was luke warm. The flavor was really odd as well. Something off. Not spoiled but odd, chemically. Our guests arrived and I didnt mention my thoughts and they had the same reaction when they tried it.My entree was Bangers and Mash. The bangers were ok. Bit greasy (but they are bangers after all) and some flavor. The mash was cold (quite cold) and bland. The was cabbage included and oddly enough it tasted like fish. My guess is it was stored or cooked heated on same surface as fish (it was a Friday). I also got a side of their special mac and cheese. Had a one note flavor I couldnt put my ginger on but it wasnt good. One of the few times in my life I didnt finish a serving of Mac and Cheese and it was a small portion to begin with. Shame to waste good staff on such poor food but I cant see going back. The drink list is pretty good thought, especially if you like spirits.", 2, 1], "qc8OXA7qoszQyBHM322O0g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/7/2016", "I'll start by saying I've read the reviews before posting my thoughts. We were a party of 3. On Saturday. Night. Showed up at 7. There was a 1 hour wait. We sat at bar had drinks and bar food , corned beef and cabbage spring rolls with horseradish dipping sauce. Excellent! Bartender was friendly and and helpful . Dinner was stressful . Didn't know what the issue was but people were upset. Our meals were served well but they were clearly understaffed. Bangers and mashed very tasty and well prepared. But we had no cutlery.! I wouldn't kill the place on one tough night. Definitely will be back.", 4, 1], "OnWlnOr1hR1wde-kl6v7Uw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/16/2016", "Stayed at the Hilton for a work trip and they recommended Kilpatricks. Not your average hotel bar the staff was amazing. Mel was our server/ Manager, she was hilarious & kept us entertained all night! She introduced us to their special homemade cherry Jameson...which was so delicious!! The food was very good too, especially the rueban. I will definitely come back!", 5, 0], "4WVj6cqXt_TbQzumeb2BWw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/3/2016", "I've had drinks here a couple times. This was my first time having dinner. The pulled pork was tender and yummy. The bar fries were everything I expected and more. The coleslaw was not very good. I'm glad I didn't opt for it on my sandwich. I'm picky about coleslaw, some people might like it. Overall friendly staff as usual!", 4, 0], "V4i-OEVieilzNokVlB_aWw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/12/2015", "Service is horrible. Everyone acts surprised that tables are seated and need attention. Our food and drinks sat for 30+ min while our waitress con hostess walked around .... Clearly not passing our table to a server  We watched while 3 other tables received the same treatment  Food was soggy and ok at best v", 1, 1], "Y5u6R98tWwZdv709Vlgudg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/8/2015", "Good food. Nice menu and good service. I really dig the booths in the dining area, in which you get a personal tv to watch as you eat. Bathroom is a bit of a problem- you have to leave the restaurant and step into the Holiday Inn to relieve yourself.", 4, 0], "YapMW0TMpRIQXaEDdoyolw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/6/2015", "We came here for drinks and food, but they told us the kitchen closed at 11 and it was 10:50, so they wouldn't serve us. Then we watched two other people come in and get served food, lol.", 2, 1], "CqK0w-yHODwfyhjsLz9RLw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/28/2015", "Hi.We went on a Saturday night at 7, it was not busy. We were sat at a table, then basically ignored for 15 minutes. We got our own menus, but no one came to get our drink order or to ask us if we wanted any thing.The bar staff sat and watched us, but at no point directed any one over to our table.After about 15 minutes, with no one taking any order from us, we left.Sadly this is not our first time here, all but once we have had bad service.", 1, 2], "1SkRQi3K_xAOxVLn6got_w": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/21/2015", "Fish and chips, Irish chips, avocado salad, ratatouille, French onion soup, wraps - all good! Draft beer was cold and good- definitely worth a visit. Friendly attentive service", 4, 0], "Te2q_MG_TJRnR3k1nXrpYQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/16/2015", "Located at The Hilton Garden Inn, I stumbled into this place because it was close to our hotel. It took 25 mins for us to receive our drinks, after 35 mins from ordering our food the service came to let me know they're out of one of the items I ordered. Tables who ordered their food way after U.S. Received their food first. Extremely noisy space. ***I wouldn't suggest this place to a homeless person living on the streets of Ithaca, even if they were giving away free food.", 1, 0], "YXAZdyV8CNBYzamsO7JTOw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/10/2015", "I will start by saying that I've been here before and the food was great... but that was also 5 years ago. The food was bland and lukewarm. The $7 appetizer consisted of 3 potato skins, aka 1.5 potatoes. I don't even know if they seasoned the cabbage but the corned beef was tender and a little dry. It seemed like the menu was designed with the best intentions but the kitchen was on auto-pilot. Service was extremely slow but the girl was new so I'm giving her a pass. Skip this place, especially when there's so much more to do in Ithaca.", 2, 1], "KpqbgEGbVbBd7KPmnilpdQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/26/2015", "I'm going to start off by saying I've been here before and had a much better experience so I still do encourage you to check it out but my meal this time was just blah. The pulled pork was dry and the only flavoring was from the sauce on top, the mac and cheese was fine but nothing special and of course the fried onion rings were delicious. They didn't have many of the things listed on the drink menu which was a disappointment and our waitress was very slow. However, again, I've been here in the past and it was much better so maybe just don't get the garbage platter.", 3, 1], "8b8QJk7QM9WX-L2YZB-HMA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/6/2015", "I came by around 5:45pm on a Sunday night. Service was okay, the waiters were friendly but not that informed about the menu (the menu invites you to ask about 2 sauces for the wings; I did and the server didn't know about either of them). We ordered a burger and the special of the night, a combo platter of sorts. The sides for both of them did not come with the plates until we asked for them and it took us about 1 hour between sitting down to receiving our entrees.The food, beverages, and value was pretty good. The burger is really quite good, build your own with many available toppings and a good selection of sides. We ordered the Ithaca Apricot Wheat and a dark and stormy - the beer was pretty interesting and the dark and stormy was tasty, albeit light on the ginger beer.Overall:Service: 6/10Food: 9/10Drinks: 8/10Atmosphere: 8/10Value: 7/10", 4, 1], "c59GdqQssDtvA050BsGx4w": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/6/2015", "Awesome burgers and a great friendly atmosphere. The restaurant was really busy last night but the wait staff was attentive and friendly. They kept us informed of kitchen delays and gave prompt service. I would definitely recommend going. I will be a repeat customer and hope to get back soon.", 5, 1], "Wk-QfACLl7Fcal46woO03w": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/1/2015", "Years back our daughter attended college near here and we visited for a quick lunch, Everything was so good that we hoped to come back someday. Well that day came. There is a parking ramp across the street that is free on weekends. So pleased that my favorite beer was on tap.(Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Porter). The restaurant is attached to a hotel. The Bar staff and wait staff were all friendly and knowledgeable. Really good selection of food to please anyone. With many Irish pub Favorites! The Shepard's Pie and Wings were very good!", 5, 1], "OM21oIraIan4IpWbvPPk2A": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/24/2015", "Catastrophe! Ordered drinks and they weren't brought out. I reminded the server when the meal came and they still never came out. The avocado in the salads was rock hard. The haddock was frozen fish that was poorly prepared. The server never came back to refill the water. The first attempt at a check included our meals and those of another party. Total fail.", 1, 1], "KggWQF6nx_raQO6aw7DLVg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/10/2015", "Friendly waitress and bartender and delicious well cooked food. Provides room service to hilton.", 5, 0], "haL39_8e28G3uGtwYwzQfA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/15/2015", "My bison burger with the brie and blackberry jam was yummy. HOWEVER, all 2 out of the 3 people in our party got onion rings instead and they were honestly the worst onion rings in my life. I showed the others the grease that was soaked up in them and squeezed them, and the oil squirted out!! It was really terrible. Besides that, everything else we had was okay. Good service.", 4, 1], "uGVmter06vvh5lc2e_UMAw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/21/2015", "After reading the menu online, I was excited to try Kilpatricks. I ended up being very disappointed. We were greeted right away and given waters and ordered two beers. The water tasted like there was still soap in the glass and the beers had no carbonation to them at all, tasted very flat. We did send the beers back and they changed the keg and the next round was better, but I still believe that the CO2 levels were off. We ordered the brie platter appetizer and that was delicious. Our meals, rack of ribs and fried haddock were not as appealing. The ribs were a special that night and were very dry despite the generous portion of bbq sauce poured on top. The haddock sandwich had an inch layer of tartar sauce on the bun which made it very soggy and the fish was over fried and hard as a rock. The French fries were crispy and good though. The actual restaurant was clean and the service was friendly and attentive. Maybe we just ordered the wrong items on the menu but I thought fish and chips would be a good Irish choice, but I was wrong. I will continue to stop in for a pint of Guiness, but will eat elsewhere.", 2, 2], "j2sabPpQT9H1ST5uP3L0Wg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/14/2015", "Pro: prompt, friendly service DecorCons: food was so bad I just picked at it (luckily I have a small appetite )County music (why God whyyyy)", 2, 0], "yk0IUP1He_PGNmnbJSiN-Q": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/11/2014", "Went for another visit. Absolutely HORRIBLE! Ordered buffalo wings for an appetizer, 40 minutes later the server comes to our table and apologizes and offers is free drinks for the wait. Finally, the wings come out, but the kitchen forgot to make them \"buffalo\". 15 minutes later, dinner arrives. Again, HORRIBLE!! Fish & Chips not fresh, and the potato pancake batty with London broil was shoe leather. The only thing edible on that plate was the side vegetables.", 1, 0], "ijyINLyW5gKriU3uJcR3Kg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/3/2014", "Great food.Poor service. Took 10 minutes to be seated while we were first in line. After being seated it took another 10 to have our order taken. All of the waiting was worth it because the food was fantastic! Hopefully the service was the exception and not the rule for I plan to return.", 4, 1], "b46dvKlPAOBDc5P2jsHvzQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/28/2014", "Pro: very nice attentive servers, moderate pricesCons: everything else. Loud bad music, sticky pub tables. Bad greasy food that tasted like Chef Boyardee. Another reviewer claimed the food is similar to Ithaca Ale house-- no.", 2, 1], "JMAUZZQHfQ6w7UE-xbILMw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/25/2014", "In what world do you need a reservation at an Irish pub? Jerk at the door laughed at is, won't go back just for that.", 1, 4], "U-hqSVycD_ltq71z9BtWOA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/25/2014", "Service was very friendly. That was where it ended. Food was poor versions of microwaved dishes. Beer was stale and glassware was dirty. I wouldn't return.", 2, 2], "J3GXWSD0fCx5LTlOdZiSCQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/31/2013", "Visited this restaurant for the first time recently. It was not a terrific experience. After being seated, my husband and I waited for 15 minutes for our waitress to bring us menus. When this did not happen, I tracked her down myself. My husband ordered fish and chips, we were informed that they were out of fish. We settled on chicken sandwiches. Mine was served to me raw and had to be sent back. By the time I received my food, my husband was done with his. After all of this, we were still charged FULL price for our meal! We will not be dining here again!!", 1, 1], "Jl1are0LpOk4OUWBbid0Hw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/10/2013", "I travel three nights a week. As pubs go it doesn't get any better. 5 hour ride and looking for a great meal. The house salad (included with the entree ) was plenty big enough and full of soft lettuces. I had the chicken breast with caramelized onions which was excellent. Beer of my choice and very pleasant service. I'll come back.", 5, 0], "RssE0Zlj6-oEpZuZKDMivw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/25/2013", "Ok so Ithaca has a shortage of irish pubs DT...well i should say NO irish pubs. I thought it was werid when i looked this place up that it was on the bottom level of the Hilton. We walked in and its very small but cute in a way. They have a fireplace on the far right corner- in the back there are some booths with flat screen tvs, never seen that before and that's cool.I had to use the ladies rm- you get a block of wood with a hotel key on it- like in grade school. Very strange!!~ You have to go out the back door and use the hotel's bathroom. We did not eat but they also didnt have HARP which is a irish light beer - NOT uncommon for any irish pub to have - after they told me that i just opted for a domestic light beer. The Bartender HOLLY was awesome- very friendly and helping us get around. Thats just about the only reason im why im giving a \"average\" rating.", 2, 1], "fHrxAsRMKqMxbNDIqx7Tcg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/16/2013", "Really enjoyed dinner at this place. Cool pub vibe inside, love the booths in the back. Had the garbage platter and it was very good. Also had some of their Houdini wings and they were awesome!!", 4, 0], "FlKIHv0N1py495BdumioTA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/12/2013", "We started off with the wings and flatbread which were decent.Entree:Bison & brie burgerGarbage burgerAnd a few other entrees. They were all okay but I guess for Ithaca standards it was decent. The service was pretty slow, but they were friendly.", 3, 0], "ynXpSJUYggAPdXjL9Dm1lQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/6/2013", "The booths have TVs, but hilariously we figured out that a few of the channels were video feeds of various security cameras placed throughout the restaurant. You can imagine that this makes for some pretty hilarious tipsy/harmless pranks if you want to have some fun. The beer selection is decent and the bartenders are nice.As far as their food goes, portions are huge but its kind of expensive for what you get. The quality of the food wasn't so great. My fried calamari was bland/under seasoned. The batter was heavy and the dressing on my salad was not very good. The only reason I would go here for dinner is if a friend was staying at the Hilton and he didn't want to leave the building after an exhausting plane ride, otherwise I'd go elsewhere.", 2, 1], "vNolh7qsrerxc-5CkGyg7w": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/5/2013", "I'm on a personal hunt for the best burger and Kilpatricks almost takes the gold...but not quite.Starting with the bun, which was not a normal bun, was a ciabatta roll I believe. But there was not a whole lot of bread which is good in my opinion. The bun had flavor too. Was nice and toasty as well. The burger....man let me tell you bout dat burger! One of the most flavorful burgers I've had. Definitely had good flavors and was a good size too! The toppings were plentiful, lots of lettuce, tomato, onion. This almost beats the ale house but really they rank about the same in my book. The only thing that set them apart is the price. When we went they had their $8 burger special and let me tell you, for that price this IS the best burger!!! Their fries were pretty fantastic too! Which is a main component of having a great burger.Overall during the week when they have their burger sale, this will always be my go to place! ALWAYS. But again, in my hunt for the best burger, this place is not my favorite in the world. So my hunt continues.", 4, 2], "OMSjJ34GUsWYPzPYBiBihg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/23/2013", "The food is similar to Ithaca Ale House, great burgers and BBQ items and plenty of beer. The pulled pork was amazing The atmosphere though is different. The large booths have personal TV's which are great if you want to watch a game with your friends.", 4, 0], "5M0HbUW-Ea77ZN5q05xGtw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/22/2013", "This is based on one visitPros: everything was delicious: Baked Brie app (share with at least one other person), shepard's pie ( very tasty and filling, served with perfectly steamed veggies and fresh side salad), Boxty burger ( perfectly cooked, excellent flavor), and the Garbage platter ( interesting way to try a few different items). Nice beer and whiskey selection. Generous portions.Cons: bathroom is actually the Hilton's bathroom so a key is needed ( not so bad on a Sunday afternoon but I wonder how well that works on a busy night), service was good, friendly but perhaps a tiny bit slow when we first sat ( waited a while to order our drinks, by the time we were ble to do that we were ready to order our food). Not really worth mentioning but my husband wanted me to add that. Meal prices range fom around $13 up to the $30 range. I would definitely return to Kilpatrick's.", 4, 0], "RcLERN8kmHJPDhbrhD1-gA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "4/18/2013", "Waitress was nice enough but the food was awful. The Reuben was gross, and the burger I ordered medium was well done, dry, and broken into pieces!? Also the fries are mediocre little shoe string fries. Definitely skip this place, it's just terrible.", 1, 0], "X9UGzad9UdisRk1Lvz1nwQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/1/2013", "What can I say about k.p's that will do it justice, I love it here. The staff is always friendly and welcoming, they always have my favorite local Ithaca brew ( Bacchus brewing co.) on tap, as well as other local and regional brews. The food well exceeds what you might expect from its \" Irish pub\" label. While they have the staples such as meat and two veg, pot roasts and potato pancakes. You'll also find a great selection of more \" bistro oriented\" food. A great commons dining spot, in an incredible foodie city.", 5, 2], "84MpPiN7s8UqEVLYFHo03Q": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/27/2013", "It's Ithaca Irish but Irishy anyways. Food is good, Guinness and Jameson infused entrees are pretty awesome and Smithwicks on tap.", 4, 1], "X_bPUgQTGJ28LFmgA_-4Ag": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/23/2012", "If you like Guinness it always tastes fresh here and the waitstaff is always pleasant. The menu is pretty extensive as far as pubs go but the quality and taste vary per meal. The O'Hara and the French Onion Soup are always a good choice. The Reuben has varied in quality in the last three years. It used to be a great sandwich however when I ate there most recently there was barely any meat on the sandwich and the little meat there was dried up and looked like roast beef.", 3, 0], "ktEJ8LWjq6y8gKy8DpFTRg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "11/12/2012", "Kilpatrick's is far superior to every other Ithaca bar I've been to and I'll tell you exactly why. My first star is given for its spaciousness and nice lighting, so that even on a Saturday night you won't feel like you're packed inside a dungeon, which has often been my take on some other Ithaca bars that I won't name. Second star: it's CLEAN! Very clean. Especially the bathrooms, which is a bar rarity. Third star: the bartenders are awesome and super attentive(and I've been here plenty), especially if you ask for a drink recommendation. I've had some amazing concoctions here. Fourth star goes to the fact that they have a jukebox with a great mix of music, so you're not constantly hearing Top 40, but you're also not bored to death listening to consistently depressing acoustic soft rock. It's your choice, and I love choices. My final star that justifies this five-star rating is given based on this one really awesome thing: It's called dignity. This bar actually has it. Walk around the corner and check out Moonshadow's (Okay, so I let one name slip) at midnight on a Saturday, and to put it nicely, you'll see all sorts of things you don't want to see, and be harassed in all kinds of ways you don't want to be.BAM.", 5, 6], "YqwLMxBeKAtiOX13ypSq7Q": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/10/2012", "Great food. Great low key atmosphere.  Great onion soup.   Great Octoberfest brews.   Not bad for a Wednesday afternoon in Ithaca after A fall hike!", 5, 0], "4U7veRibVTtKzMRkgcH4zw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/8/2012", "If you're a fan of Irish pubs then this is probably the most authentic in Ithaca. Good food, good prices, and good beers. Skip the ale house, this is the better place.", 4, 0], "daE37dLcqqSr4-kzhzQTjg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/17/2012", "Great location and good beer selection, but that's really where the honeymoon period ends. The negatives outweigh the positives at Kilpatricks, as the bartenders are void of personality, the food is undercooked and greasy and the bathrooms (in the Hilton lobby) are locked and you need to ask for a key if you're not a hotel guest, which, with the inattentive bartenders, was difficult. With many other dining and drinking options in Ithaca's downtown area, I'd suggest avoiding Kilpatrick's.", 2, 1], "sCuYXRmjZ_9s4PSkYTIwrA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/28/2012", "Just so greasy and nasty! I'm all for the atmosphere and the drinks, but seriously, don't bother to eat.", 2, 0], "dTMsiyD8WR-YMfWPWMAWGw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/20/2012", "After a long day on the road I needed some food, perhaps a drink and good service. I found it at Kilpatricks. Good burger. Well stocked whiskey selection and great service by the very knowledgeable, attentive waitress Adrienne. I will be back whenever I am in Ithaca.", 4, 1], "CBSSM0mskP-ZwI93Bp4jdg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "7/11/2012", "Meh. I've experienced better.After wandering the area on a quiet Sunday afternoon looking for a place serving a good fried fish sandwich the lady and I happened upon Kilpatrick's. It's classy exterior and extensive menu showing a haddock sandwich cemented my decision to give the pub a shot.We were seated at the front dining area that had one other table seated(already eating) and it took a good 10 minutes before we were acknowledged for our drink order. After that service was swift and adequate. The fried haddock sandwich I received was fitted with a nice, if a little greasy cut of fish. The tomato and lettuce were fresh and crisp but the bun was woefully dull. Spongy, a little damp and not convincing that it was baked anywhere near the place or time it was being consumed. Pricing: Alcohol pricing seemed a bit high. I was also a bit disappointed with the onion rings. At a charge of an extra $2 I was expecting more than 5 rings and felt I would have been better off sticking with the included fries.All in all not terrible. Would like to give it a fair shake during dinnertime.", 3, 1], "Jvv2IibBHBqc5AkFG4sPJA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/3/2012", "Great food. Excellent happy hour. Big fan of karaoke.", 4, 0], "0SeEGDWiH2U1TJJWeD7wvQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/23/2011", "Resoundingly mediocre. I had a fish sandwich, which was ok. Most of the entrees are $17+. If their quality matches the quality of my meal, I suspect that they are quite overpriced. The food generally follows the \"quantity over quality\" approach.We came in a group of 9, and had to wait 40 minutes to be seated. I think we called ahead, but I'm not sure we had a reservation.", 2, 1], "wV2FI6PUfFI9j80pzknEVQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "10/10/2011", "Good food, nice atmosphere....Was not nearly packed as the other restaurants and I dont know why. We had a big group and they accomodated us nicely. We hung out ate, drank, and didnt feel rushed.", 5, 0], "RyX7Z92HqdRDvPW5sn4zfg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "8/29/2011", "I think this is a nice option in downtown Ithaca. It doesn't get nearly as packed as some of the other places in the Commons (for dinner, after 9, the bar crowd does actually turn up in good numbers), because it is a little bit out of the way of the Aurora St. eateries. However, the food is good. The selection is typical Irish Pub, but everything is done well. I had the \"garbage platter,\" which came with a smoked gouda mac & cheese, cole slaw, and pulled pork. The pork was actually really well done, and the mac & cheese was a good accompaniment. We also had an appetizer sampler, which came with some tasty sliders and excellent fries with cheese.Overall, if you are hungry and want a filling meal without a lot of hassle, this is a great place to visit if you are in the Commons area.", 4, 8], "eg0KUkc1mA1Qg85e09FoDg": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "6/16/2011", "I had a really excellent burger here, but the service was a little inconsistent and the layout is odd. And I really wish I'd known they charged FIVE dollars just for a Sam Adams Summer Ale (so not worth it). I plan to go back for a happy hour... and buy cheap beer!", 3, 0], "E2_ZNfR_9VBzhJ1V-QEf8Q": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/13/2011", "My group of friends came in on a Saturday night around 10:15-10:30. We asked to use the bathroom, and had to be given a key attached to a 2X4, as if we were at a gas station in Deliverance. I asked the bartender why this was necessary, and she said \"oh one of our employees was stabbed by a hypodermic needle sticking out of a garbage bag left by a homeless guys shooting up in the bathroom. I don't know if it was what was on the needle or all the anti-virals, but he looked like Kermit the Frog for three weeks.\" The drinks were reasonably priced, but we didn't stay long for obvious reasons.", 1, 4], "lHuDiaK8JmPfd4ceGUIhqA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "12/21/2010", "Walked in on a very cold day Thanksgiving weekend with a friend. The place was dead, but it was happy hour. E sat in the little \"private\" area at the end of the bar (room for about 6 in this pseudo-room) and were greeted by a very friendly bartender. She kept the drinks flowing while we waited for my friends wife and mother-in-law. I would love to see how this place is when school (meaning Cornell and Ithaca College) is not on holiday. Will go back on my next trip to Ithaca.", 4, 1], "FYYlTsGKlM4-9JiqpR-XzQ": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "5/7/2010", "I've waited to try this place a few times in order to write a well-rounded review, and my experiences have always been good. FOOD: good, hearty meals that come in sizable portions. A quick run through of what I've tried: the Shepherd's pie was heavy, filling, and tasty. It was kind of blunt in term of flavors, but I think that's kind of what I like about the soul-food-iness of shepherd's pie in general. The Grilled Chicken and Brie is pretty delicious and filling. I like the Brie, instead of say Havarti or something, because it did not overpower the red-wine-marinated chicken (which is moist and flavorful) while still adding that creamy richness that I love about brie. Surprisingly, the lightly toasted asiago loaf adds a lot to the whole shebang. The Corned Beef and Cabbage was decent; the corned beef was all I could ask for and more when it comes to corned beef, but the cabbage didn't add much. I know, cabbage is usually just a light side to offset the heavy meat, but I think cabbage can still bring a fresh palate cleanser to the meal. In this case, not really. The dish was, however, still quite good. The Kilpatrick's Grilled Chicken Breast is also quite good. It was the first dish I ever got, so I don't remember it will, but it was one of the reasons I came back, if that says anything. Note --- there are some good vegetarian options, not just side salads! I brought my vegetarian friend who usually hates \"bar food\" but she really liked this place (vegetable sandwich, butternut squash ravioli, etc). DRINKS: Good selection of beers, nice selection of whiskeys, and okay selection for other drinks (not that the other drinks should really matter if you're headed to a pub, right?). I didn't really notice their wine selection, so I can't comment on that. I like the taster of four different kinds of beer if you're in the mood to try new stuff (the four glasses come on a, what else, wooden shamrock). They also have some good, cheap specials ($3 Red Ale) if you want quantity over quality. SERVICE: Not too bad. I think the last server we had was kind of new. She was very attentive. When we asked for another few minutes to look at the menu, she literally came back three or four times, with almost exactly one minute in between each return. We just wanted to take our time and we felt rushed and bad for sending her away so much. She also couldn't remember the specials, didn't know too much about the menu, and couldn't remember the beers on tap or bottled beer. The time before, the waitress was really good and friendly. She knew all the beers on tap (there were a lot) and knew the specials like the back of her hand. AMBIANCE: I really like it. Private booths in back, very homey and private, snug when you need it to be, while also being surprisingly roomy and good for small groups (about 6). Loved it. In the front, there was a much more pub-like feel. I really like the overall feeling, with the mid-darker wood, warm lighting, and gridded windows. I kind of forgot I was in Ithaca...oh the joy. RANDOM ISSUE: I want them to make up a base drinks menu. I'm sure there are some beers they ALWAYS have, so why not just let us look at those and then fill us in on the specials or whatever? Sometimes I have trouble ordering when I'm bombarded by fifteen or something different available beers. Overall: give this place a shot if you want a fulfilling meal, a decent selection of drinks, and a place removed from Collegetown/the main part of the Commons.", 4, 6], "wWAEdvkx8Za9Vn896xNn_g": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/17/2010", "Food is decent Irish pub fare, but the service here is consistently bad. After several visits either for drinks or dinner, we have had either slow or rude servers, or a very cranky bartender. Not fun.", 2, 0], "MlFPaHBAXUmkGJ7Yt8W0Ig": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "1/23/2010", "I am writing from memory (spring 2008 was the last time I went). A warm atmosphere, excellent whiskey selection, and the real winners were: bangers & mash, stuffed pork chops, and beer battered onion rings.", 4, 0], "VqrpdMvNou4NRHiVnY_Phw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "2/17/2009", "Good food! great burgers, salads, and soups. In the winter, great for us ithacans because they have the lunch special $5.05 burger plus fries or onion rings. Service and bar drinks excellent although depending on the hour and day can be a wait. \"worth the wait\". Not the cheapest or most expensive Ithaca place but you get value for the quality of the fresh ingredients.", 4, 2], "at6ACKoTehAAnwyY4VHAeA": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "9/15/2008", "Not even worthy of one star. Horrible service, mediocre food, and bartenders that drink behind the bar and charge you for it on your bill. Rude and unpleasant staff. Have never had such a horrible pub experience. Don't waste your time or money.", 1, 2], "2k7rBnpekfs2sSAbwNuEZw": ["Yelp", "Kilpatrick\u2019s Publick House", "3/2/2008", "Excellent atmosphere, menu selection, drink, and entertainment!!! I'm so surprised to find that no one has gotten around to reviewing Kilpatrick's! Though I've heard from some people that Kilpatrick's menu isn't authentic, I'm perfectly pleased with what they have to offer, and my food choices have always been great. They host live music frequently and offer a front dining room with many tables and a back room with huge, gorgeous booths, complete with a TV. I always recommend asking for a booth if you aren't there for music - it always feels like you're in your own corner of the world. I'd definitely recommend Kilpatricks to anyone, and you HAVE to order the onion rings. Take my word :)", 5, 1]}
{"YgNcDCmuhfiol-iWmoIbqg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/20/2019", "Three and a half stars as an average rating for Mia is very surprising to me, because the food has always been amazing and the service is always efficient and friendly. We're huge fans of the pork belly and a number of the other meat tapas. The mixed drinks are great and we've found a few that we really like, and there's a number of pretty original and unique offerings.My only possible complaints is that the space can feel a little cramped at peak hours, and it can be a little pricey, but the food more than makes up for it.", 5, 0], "_f81ejlgVxmiJLv3LlEopg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/10/2019", "Pretty nice restaurant in the town, enjoyed the various option of tapas, but the non-alcoholic drinks could be better. Definitely recommend the Thai basil wings, pork bun, and squid!", 4, 0], "i6S8iW9dmeIINWaggdTu7g": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "1/7/2019", "Huge fan of Mia! We ended up arriving 15min later than our reservation, but luckily they were still able to accommodate us and we didn't have to wait in the long line on a Friday night. We started with a couple of drinks, and the server really knew her wines -- ended up trying a couple of different reds and loved them!We got the Panang Curry (pictured) and the Goy See Mee, both of which were phenomenal ~5/5. Beware, the Panang curry really is spicy (I had actually gotten the Goy See Mee originally, but after one bite my boyfriend made me switch! Good thing I like spicy food..). 5/5 for ambiance as well, the setting was really lovely and intimate. Wish I had found this earlier, it would've been our go-to date spot! Will have to save room for dessert next time!", 5, 1], "Hh3ZPPV7B7IGLuExFrTnbw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/6/2018", "Loved this place.. ordered panag curry and indian kerala curry .. first time in my life i finished the entire plate . Less eggplants in kerala curry would have been better. But rest all was perfect. Beyond expectations. Dessert creme brulle trio was delicious  Highly recommended.", 5, 1], "bgk3zDd4wZwvLaXQywv-YA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/23/2018", "Food: 3Decor: 4Ambiance: 4.5Service: 3.5Value: 2.5I definitely had higher hopes for this place than I guess I should have. I like having the option of Thai or Indian food, but sadly, when a place offers varying cuisines, it often doesn't do either one great. It seemed to have a better atmosphere than other places in the area, but the price reflected that. I just wish the food was a little better.", 3, 0], "IErmLsF1UOHCPVzhu3HxkA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/19/2018", "I don't give out 5 stars lightly. This small restaurant in Ithaca could stand up to any restaurant in any city. Tapas style portions, wonderful flavor combinations, creative takes on classic drinks. Our waitress was wonderful, recommending some great choices. This is our new go to spot for our weekends in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "9_GOzcFWrC83jCvqeoCmcA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "7/1/2018", "My favorite restaurant in ithaca! You can't go wrong with Mia's! Delicious food and worth it!", 5, 0], "cd6_F315GWIrqxPlu1n4Xg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/13/2018", "I was very disappointed with the food and the service was terrible. The sweet potato fries were plain despite the waiter telling us that they had truffle oil on them. The meat in the Korean BBQ was very tough. The beet salad was dry and lacked flavor and the ramen noodles tasted like they came out of a package. The samosas looked like they had been frozen and were dry. The waiter was snarky and awkward and lacked knowledge about the menu. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant and I will not be going again.", 1, 0], "eKthDYogTVxVLQXJi5TYQw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/10/2018", "Been here several times. Asian Inspired food themes. Food was delicious, ordered sushi, several tapas dishes, loved the ramen noodles. I love being able to select several tapas size dishes and exploring their menu. The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e is to die for.... Would def recommend!", 5, 0], "Oo9jAAXB-Q3ju0aCYEWjTQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/8/2018", "My boyfriend and I went here on a date for our anniversary (we had a gift card - otherwise probably wouldn't have tried it) and not an I glad we did!! We love the asian inspired tapas vibe. The cocktails were made to perfection and our waitress was attentive and kind. She was also helpful in describing her favorite dishes since their menu is so big. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes! We ended with the trio creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and it was perfect. Left full and happy. We also had the best seat in the house- the two seater by the window. Love it.", 5, 0], "98Vs3J95AUTHPyhAXfYsFw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/4/2018", "What a pleasant place to dine. I went there on a Saturday night when they were very busy, and the hostess worked hard to find me a seat at the bar and before I was seated despite running around like crazy, and kept reminding me that she wouldn't forget me and get me a place. The food was absolutely spectacular. The two bartenders were extremely busy but always had time to fill my glass and get my food in QuickTime. Just a delightful experience.", 5, 0], "g8FZKFIEzGjugV-dYG1ecQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/5/2018", "For those of you considering desert, and you haven't yet tried the passion fruit souffl\u00e9, I highly recommend it. Like a traditional souffl\u00e9, it contains beaten egg whites, but inside of allowing it to rise, it's chilled, giving it a thick creamy texture similar to sorbet. It's garnished with toasted slices of candied cocnut.", 5, 0], "q3pG6WuJrLCKsSfuiG5nfA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/6/2017", "Food was good, compared to other restaurants in Ithaca. However, we had such a terrible dining experience here. Just because we didn't have a reservation, we were asked to finish within 90 minutes including the waiting time. And the server kept coming to us, asking if we had finished eating, what a bad experience, which is something that would not happen in a good restaurant. I understood that it was very busy but obviously some servers were just standing there and not doing anything while we were waiting for someone to serve us. Very disappointing.", 2, 1], "uOuvu80ZJD7JGspGpwxx9w": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/28/2017", "The desserts was amazing, also the almond chicken was delicious! Definitely would go again and explore more.", 5, 0], "U5OCN1iC7AaMPltsT2ugYg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/7/2017", "What a fun spot with great cocktails. The food was fantastic to say the least. I recommend the saut\u00e9ed vegetables with truffle oil and the Mia's Mai Tai!!", 5, 0], "GF2G1CtB0vfQoEbY-ZJ85w": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/25/2017", "5 stars for a delicious menu that actually has a lot of vegan and vegetarian options.Everything I've had has been really good, but, the lotus root fritters are crazy good.They're a little fancy and a little pricey, but I'd say it's well worth it.", 5, 1], "Nfgk7IhT7qptLbW2upP6Xw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/24/2017", "A bit pricey but worth every penny. Lotus flower fritters were amazing, pork buns were melt in your mouth and the curried prawns were the right amount of spicey. Would definitely go back again!", 5, 0], "XVwDXwD6d0eG3vaAAlavcA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/20/2017", "went here for a quick pre-concert dinner -- 2 of us shared tapas-- roasted brussel sprouts with miso sauce, diver scallops in a chili sauce and Grilled Portabella satay in peanut sauce. Every one had it's on unique flavor profile, but all were delicious-- and was cooked perfectly. Service was quick, but not rushed and our server was very pleasant. I would definitely go back when I'm in town again.", 5, 0], "IMWm93grMywQ61tR3qYIhQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/10/2017", "I went for a group dinner of maybe 20 people after a museum opening at Cornell. The restaurant is quite nice, but it feels like a Spanish restaurant, even was playing Spanish music. To my surprise, it was Thai/Asian Fusion. The food is like fast food Thai and quite boring for such a large fancy looking restaurant. None of that bothered me as much as the grumpy waiter we had. The young man acted like a 80 year old crotch-y grandpa who would grumble below his breath and answer questions and say thank you sarcastically. Many of our group was from Asia and didn't speak much English, this seems to frustrate him more. Which is also strange because he was Asian... I couldn't wait to get out of there.", 2, 0], "TZMmphWfjeTu4uHe4DE61g": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/4/2017", "Mia's was an unexpected yet delightful experience for our large party of 8 out-of-towners. We stumbled upon this place while walking around in the Commons looking for some authentic cuisine. The place was packed with most waiting 45 minutes for a table, but the host was kind enough to open up the upstairs room for our table of 8. It was a nice treat to have our \"private room\" where we were able to have great conversation and food at our leisure. Our group consisted of many tapas \"first-timers\", and some w allergy/dietary restrictions. Our server, Gabe, was absolutely phenomenal in walking us through the process from start to finish. We ordered the first three salads on the menu, and 8-10 tapas dishes. Everybody loved the dahl and ramen noodles; my personal favorite was the lamb and beef kabobs. Every plate was delicious and amazing. We also shared two bottles of wine, a cocktail, and beer. We would have liked to order dessert, but we were stuffed! Our bill came to almost $300; a little under $40 per person, which we thought was pretty good considering we were there for almost 3 hours and sampled a lot from the menu. Overall, super excellent service compliments of Gabe, great atmosphere, and stellar authentic cuisine!", 4, 0], "beEDSPC3N0PMI7-BbFJcpA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/12/2017", "This is probably my favorite Asian fusion restaurant. It is one of the only place that embodies the flavor of Asian culture including India and fuse with western food. Small plates are awesome. Their Creme Brulee is to die for. This is my all time favorite dessert here. I would really recommend this place if you visiting ithaca.", 5, 0], "koZ7qoggLXxB-0Y8e8yyMA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/7/2017", "We had high hopes for this place given the great reviews, but unfortunately they fell short and didn't quite meet our expectations...It's a dimly lit multi-floor restaurant that has the ambiance that's great for a date or small, intimate gathering. It's eerily quiet, almost too quiet, as it makes you feel as though you can't even talk to whom you're with. The bar area is small, cool decor, but not very welcoming to sit and have a drink/eat. They don't have any drafts, which is fine, and a non-extensive beer menu, but a nice cocktail list.Our waiter was attentive and service was pretty good. It's a tapas-style restaurant and we split four different entrees:Lotus Fritters - these were super tasty and dipped in the sauce, they were fantastic...can't go wrong with most fried thingsTruffle fries - standard fries with truffle oil...there are a lot and definitely proportionately, too much for two people to eat...nothing special, but they do pack a fair amount of truffle if you're into thatSamosas - they had some indian spices to them, which was nice, but both chutneys they came with are terrible...if you're going to make the samosas authentic, at least try to make the chutneys authentic. The tamarind one was extremely thick and didn't sit well, while the other one was slightly sweet, but didn't have much of a taste to it.Tofu Bao Bun - they were a bit salty, but the bun itself was pretty good (not dry)...definitely add some hot sauce to it to get a little flavor/spiceOverall, I think the restaurant doesn't know what cuisine they want to be in and try to mix too much into their dishes. We were originally intrigued that it had a mix of Indian / Asian dishes, but after trying different dishes, they're a bit random with their menu and their flavors (truffle fries seemed out of place...).", 2, 1], "URq2ncVuruzjHGc-aLMaZA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "7/5/2017", "Dragged my parents here while we were visiting Ithaca because of the good reviews. And I'm so glad we chose this place. The food was amazing and came out rather quickly! But then again we did get there kinda early around 6 ish. The papadum, kebabs and creme Brulee trio were all so amazing. Andrew was also such a great server. Would definitely come back next time were in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "DiKR1DK8lU_zdWGiFRb1jg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/25/2017", "Left a lot to be desired, if they were to shorten the menu and focus on a select few dishes this restaurant could potentially excel!", 2, 0], "y_MMjwEWt8DKIPfZ1Ua8kA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/15/2017", "Initially I didn't like this restaurant but all my recent visits have been amazing. Great service and amazing food (especially for vegetarians). The smoked tofu is amazing and worth its weight in gold. Lotus root fritters, the Dal and naan are all amazing.", 5, 0], "0t-eNJFeyV3625IIgxu6Lg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/20/2017", "Been there a couple times. Great place to go for some asian fusion food with a slightly above casual atmosphere. Nice small plates and entrees. Highly recommend the panang curry and the thai Mussamund beef curry. They used to have live music on sundays--not sure if they still do.", 5, 0], "P3W9PeNAYCY3P9TAhN_0PA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/11/2017", "While the menu had a lot of variety, the food was beyond mediocre and my entire party agreed. Not one person of our 15 person party was pleased. The Thai wings had nearly no meat on them (picture in the photo reel). In fact, there was hardly a difference between the eaten wings and the regular wings in terms of meat on the bones. Our waiter was blatantly rude to us, often making snide and snarky comments (no way to treat your patrons.) Poor service for very average food, do not recommend at all.", 2, 0], "XJ-NhC9Y9a8ZB93Nb_u3Ag": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/22/2017", "Flavorful Asian fusion cuisine, friendly and efficient service, and a competent bar. I've eaten here twice on trips to Ithaca, and both were excellent meals. On my most recent visit I had the chicken curry. The sauce had deep flavor and just a bit of heat, and the chicken was super tender and moist. The menu features a good range of cuisine and price points, including a squadron of small plates, as well as entrees between about $15 and $30. We got out of there with dinner for three, including two plates of naan, for under $60 before tip. On my next trip I'm hoping to try out some of the creative house cocktails.", 4, 1], "2u44o6_ZSIAo_3L8AGrgrA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/21/2017", "I cant give enough praises to the bartender at Mia. Kayla is so adept at her job as she makes complicated drinks, serves food, makes sure glasses are washed, attends to clients with a smile and deals w the wait staff. It was a treat to watch her in action.Our food was phenomenal. As vegans there were many choices for us and we settled on samosas, a delish mushroom soup, crispy pappadam, dahl, crispy lotus fritters, basmati rice, mushroom satay w peanut sauce, and ramen noodles. What a feast and presented beautifully. We cant wait to return to Mia.", 5, 0], "5hiWwo0U5h1zIfSEhoG5Hw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/15/2017", "Just what we were in the mood for!We were in Ithaca for a crew race and went down to the commons intending to go to a different restaurant than Mia Tapas. With too long a wait time there (2 hours) we stumbled upon Mia Tapas. While they also had a wait time, a spot had just opened up at the bar.My wife had a Hendricks and cucumber drink she loved, and our tapas was fresh, quick and excellent. Worth a special mention was a beet salad, beef tenderloin satay and lobster tandoori style. We topped it off with a cute sampler of crime br\u00fbl\u00e9e.For those of us accustomed to Fairfield County prices, the bill was a very nice surprise.The only thing that might have made it better would have have been beer on tap. They had a nice selection of beer in bottles, but nothing on tap.", 4, 0], "sgrMK1p0mIFcqs3UPz5Dvg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/18/2017", "The waiters here seem very cold and condescending. I simply do not understand the point of having a business with cold servers. I was seated in the very end of the room next to the kitchen and hardly paid attention to. My waitress was not very helpful, she put the menu on my table and disappeared. The food was average, I liked my kale and goji berry salad. The sweet potato fries with truffle oil was alright. Dessert, vegan chocolate tart, was frankly very disappointing. I had to fight to cut through it with a fork. Bottom line, I won't be returning to Mia. I pay for the food and the service, neither of which were a hit.", 2, 1], "poLneoumxsAlEq1-yUEqeA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/9/2017", "The menu looked really good but some of the food wasn't quite what I expected. It was a little pricey for the quality of the food but I did enjoy my time there!", 3, 0], "XQlufDgzBEfCo4TrfU8duQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/19/2016", "Despite hearing good reviews from my friends and having a cool concept, I thought Mia was a bit lacking. Overall - cool ideas, questionable execution.ATMOSPHERE & SERVICE: Looks fantastic, feels great. The service was on point, no complaints.Let's talk about food...1. Ahi Tuna Salad: Fresh greens, the yuzu soy dressing isn't bad. Decent portion - be aware that the Ahi is 3 thin slices which are well seared on the edges but nicely raw in the center. A totally decent salad, but nothing special. 8/102. Roast duck puff pastry samosa:Comes with a tamarind-mango sauce and what I believe was a chutney with whole mustard seeds. The problem is that puff pastry is rich and butter, combined with the sauces which were very sweet, and the rich and heavy filling - this was just dense and unbalanced. Furthermore, the duck in the filling felt like it had been braised for a lot time to the point of toughness. 7/103. Alaskan Crabmeat & Vietnamese Sausage Wontons:Disappointing. The filling lacked the sweetness of crab but also didn't really have any significant savoriness or any flavors that reminded me of vietnamese flavors. The soup was decent. There were 5 or 6 very small wontons in this portion. I just felt like the main attraction here, the filling of the dumplings, did not deliver. 6/104. Pan-seared Tandoori Quail:The quail was tough. I tried cutting it with my knife and it didn't work. I resorted to picking it up by hand and biting it directly. Also, the spice blend on the outside of the quail was passable but they had completely forgotten to salt the quail. The quail also lacked any browning or maillard flavors, it just felt like the spice blend had been stuck on. The spices didn't taste particularly well toasted or bloomed prior to being rubbed on. The raita on the other hand, was thicker than usual and saltier than usual. Solid concept, perhaps, but poor execution. 5/105. Passion Fruit Frozen Souffle:First off, this is a big portion. The passion fruit flavor isn't bad, but they may have oversweetened the base as the brightness isn't as punchy as a great passionfruit dessert is. This is fairly hard, but not that dense. Frozen souffle is a fairly apt description, I suppose. I would guess that the recipe is for a semifreddo. The raspberry sauce (we had no caviar) was completely forgettable - tasted like the raspberry gel on a supermarket cake. There was also some sort of brittle on top which was tasty, but just didn't mesh well with the rest of the dessert. Also, for a frozen \"souffle,\" I think I'd prefer something that retains the texture of a souffle as to be honest, we spent the first minute or so attempting to dig into the top like digging into a hard frozen pint of ice cream. Decent flavor overall. 8/10", 3, 1], "PGmd86iOxR4oxlwj2FqwSA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/16/2016", "I was really impressed with this place, especially after reading the prior reviews about the service. The food was great - I would highly suggest the Natu and the Alaskan Crab and Vietnamese Sausage Wontons. The server though was really impressive. Not too pushy and gave great suggestions for the menu. I'll definitely be back!", 5, 0], "967Q0LBh6SynrKvJr_SYZQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/13/2016", "We had a good time, the table for a party was given at the VIP area and service was excellent.", 5, 0], "j6VYKnYCAvZcMtNMfBlz3Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/2/2016", "Love this place! Definitely recommend the tapas over the regular menu. Selection is unique and delicious and service is excellent.", 5, 0], "2budDIRRWfZNVXhfCn-Ujg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/30/2016", "Great service, lovely atmosphere (the banquette seating is very nice)! It's generally not very crowded when I've been there.I really like the creme brulee desserts. The slow roasted pork belly and the scallops (Prig Pow Hoi) are two of my favorite dishes. I enjoyed the vegetarian samosas too.", 5, 0], "24F2DENsjYeAb69CtBOoZg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/11/2016", "Came here for dinner right when it opened just in case there were any lines, and was I glad that we selected this restaurant. The food here was really good! I thoroughly enjoyed my entire meal, but it took a while on deciding what to get, cause everything on the menu looked good. Besides food, the customer service here was great as well! If I was back in Ithaca, I would definitely eat here again!", 5, 0], "ALtHJjiBfiQXoj5SqPlVIg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/5/2016", "Interesting place. Came here with a large group.Food - 4For the most part it was good. Kale salad, veggie samosas, shrimp in curry, pork short rib, tofu salad. Beef with veggies was the only negative. The beef was like rubber and not well cooked. We tried one dessert, but were too full to enjoy it. In general, a good fusion menu with pretty tasty food that is not out of this world. Atmosphere - 4.5Restaurant and bar provide for flexibility to grab a drink, eat a meal. Upstairs they have a larger dining area for private parties, which seemed like a great option. I can see how it get crowded, but it rarely does.Service - 3.5At first, they were very friendly. They were were very efficient with drinks and food. The only negative was that as people were eating they asked them if they could take the plate away (multiple times). That was a bit off putting. Otherwise, decent service.Value/Price - 3It's probably too expensive for what it is, but given our occasion it came out to about $80 per person with about 2 alcoholic drinks per person and we were very full.", 4, 1], "mzje98jGz4y9N3eI21kLhA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/30/2016", "Great food, came out so fast! Excellent flavors and beautiful ambiance! Very pleasant service(:", 5, 0], "WenuYZnlfOTKJOJ-rSFGIA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/31/2016", "We had our wedding dinner at Mia in the private room upstairs. Already one of my favorite Ithaca spots as my previous review shows. Lex was great working with us on a last minute menu. The staff took great care of us. Family from Iowa tried many new things and had a great time!", 5, 0], "H9lzq2Nsv2q_vtkzFo2pIA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/22/2016", "Excellent food. The flavors all meshed together very well, not overly flamboyant or strong. The servings are plentiful too. The staff were very accommodating and pleasant. Our experience was nothing short of amazing.", 5, 0], "iqOMvRIYRYxiu0KWyhB2jw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/20/2016", "Met a friend, her parents, and a few others there for tapas. The FOH staff were very attentive, neither my water glass nor wine glass got close to empty during the meal. Our waitress was great at making recommendations as needed. The ambiance and decor were great.The food was all delicious. Our friends parents did all the ordering so I didn't know what all of the dishes were supposed to be, but it all tasted very good. I even ate a bit of something with coconut milk and peanut sauce (which are things that can be overwhelming/offputting to me) and it was subtle enough to be good.", 5, 0], "dpwCCC-oBEhIcVGE1yQ-Mg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "1/18/2016", "We've been here twice - once in February 2015 and once in January 2016. Food is always great especially the Lamb and Beef Kofta kebabs and the desserts. The warm cranberry and pistachio tart is the absolute best. During our first visit service was a little slow - apparently the servers had a mix up over who was in charge of our table, but the second time was very quick. Our tapas were served faster than we could eat! Highly recommend.", 5, 0], "2dXyhmBEmwrGhkV-CtSCrg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/21/2015", "The bottom line is that this restaurant is not serving quality food or authentic recipies. If you want good asian food, go somewhere else. Also, Asain tapas? Really? The prices do not reflect the quality of the food. Our evening began by being profiled based on the fact that we were not dressed to the nines. We were almost told there was no table for us. Very offensive. I ordered the rice noodles, lamb kabob, and the pork bun. The rice noodles were ramen quality. The lamb kabob was supposed to be served with mango chutney and mint cucumber yogurt sauce. It came with some odd mango sauce with chia seeds in it and a sauce that was indistinguishable from tatziki from a cheap greek diner. The kabob was also cold. The \"pork bun\" was not a pork bun at all. It was a steamed dough bun, in a taco shape, wrapped around pork belly cooked in what appeared to be chef yoshida sauce from Cotsco. Despite the fact it was actually not a pork bun it was pretty good. I got a butter chicken masala as well. It tasted like it was made without ghee and the chicken appeared to be boiled not sauteed. Pretty tasteless and served hot enough to burn satan. There was no warning from the wait staff about the searing temprature of the food.The service was condescending. They belived they needed to explain their menu to us based on how we were dressed. It's a menu. Nobody needs an explanation. The only bright point of our meal was the chocolate marzipan cake. It was rich and tasty. One of the people who ate with me ordered the creme brulle trio. The only edible one was coffee flavored.", 1, 4], "R2L9fe8d7ylnut0UoCSCZA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/8/2015", "The food is amazing. Big portion and delicious. A must go in Ithaca. Try their creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and lamb related food", 5, 0], "WOAHG72NSnkkZay18eQuOA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/30/2015", "A great American style Asian restaurant! There are at least two type of ethnic elements in one dish. I ordered the pork ribs bun tapas, which is perfectly done and savory (recommended). For the main dish, I ordered the chicken curry, and my gf got the beef ramen. I glad she likes her ramen, but I found the soup and beef in that dish was overly sweet and oily (maybe that's the idea). I'm not really a fan of a Indian style ramen. My chicken curry with white rice was average. I really want to give them a 3.5 stars.", 3, 1], "2-CSgcx6Ca5CJ5v798v8gg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/29/2015", "Excellent pan-Asian tapas restaurant with really good food and cocktails (some interesting ones, too, with jalapenos or sea salt or other innovative combinations).Everything was tasty and beautifully cooked, but I'd particularly recommend the pork tenderloin, the melt-in-the-mouth selection of sashimi, and the beef with sticky rice. The service was also very attentive and polite.", 5, 0], "Z2DO0IF8kJv14PAfWIB-Ag": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/24/2015", "My wife and I had just dropped off our son for college and decided to get a bite to eat/dinner before driving 3 plus hours home. Checking out the beautiful new commons area in Ithaca, we saw what looked to be an interesting option-- Asian tapas. 90 minutes later, still waiting for our main dishes as the three tables who arrived after us were finishing up and paying-- and after trying to wave down our rude waiter for the 3rd time-- we had to get up and leave so we could find somewhere to eat before our trip.I generally find unemotional communication when there's an issue fixes 99% of any restaurant snafus-- most restaurants care about doing a great job for their patrons. Not the case here. Our waiter aggressively avoided coming near us, ignoring us when I tried to get an update on our meal. I asked the woman at the front if I could talk to a manager and she said there was no manager there. I asked her if she could have our waiter stop by the table. She was able to track him down. With no apology or even really seeming to care, he explained to me that the food came out first come, first serve. I calmly pointed out the three tables next to us-- all who had arrived and ordered well after us-- were served and paying. He said he'd get an update and never came back. At this point, 90 minutes in, we needed to leave. Rather than just walking out, I wanted to let the waiter know so asked once again if the woman who seated us could find our waiter. His only comment was were we going to pay for the salad and one appetizer that had come out in 90 minutes. Stupidly, I said yes. Two tables next to me were stunned at the lack of basic service and professionalism and questioned why I would pay for anything after being treated so poorly. I will say, thank you the the very nice bartender who came from behind the bar to give us water and try and help. But the waiter was the worst I have had and the woman in front seemed to be killing time.Many other great options around Mia's. Unless you enjoy being treated as an inconvenience, avoid Mia's. I have never written a review like this and hope I never have to again.", 1, 1], "xNCrMK9WbEKh--IVAC6CHQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/18/2015", "We had a great meal here, we like the lobster dish and the crispy BBQ best but overall we like the food and the cocktail is excellent. Our server is very polite and attentive.", 4, 0], "wNXJzGj_Fx_SetPpbdak-Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "7/29/2015", "Fresh, delicious, artfully prepared food. Staff is friendly and very professional. Great cocktail and wine selection. We always stop in for dinner on our travels to Ithaca. Favorites include the wontons, thin-sliced pork tenderloin, noodles and of course the amazing cranberry pistachio tart and crime br\u00fbl\u00e9e sampler. Never disappoint at Mia!", 5, 0], "02iAJpgqePXV52vwHAXFiQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/27/2015", "Food was adequate but the wait staff left much to be desired. The waiter was inattentive at best. And much of the time he was no where to be found. So many other great restaurants in Ithaca- I probably won't be back. The food was just not noteworthy enough to make up for the poor service.", 1, 2], "VvIICFXGXRLzLhyxEICF5A": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/16/2015", "I agree with a reviewer below that there is a bit of a snooty attitude. The waiter was very micromanagery and told us not to get the menu dirty when we wanted to hang on to it (before the food arrived. He whisked menus away safely before the food arrived).Food was mediocre:Crispy pork shank not that crispy.Salmon sushi was fresh and delicious.Ramen noodles was decent.Calamari was in giant pieces and got soggy almost immediately.Scallion pancake with potatoes was just weird texture and taste wise.Pork belly bun was delicious, it's hard to mess that up tho.", 2, 7], "_Dcx5w486-bZFs5EpwVN3g": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/16/2015", "Think this could be a 5 star place... Everything we had came with outstanding flavor. From the dumplings, calamari, buns, pork shanks, scallops (wow!), panang curry (spicy) to the vindaloo, everything had great flavor. Prices were also generally fair. But, a few too many \"we don't do that here\" etc and a so so special knocked it down a star. Would certainly recommend this place to anyone visiting Ithaca.", 4, 1], "6Nin6T2JaqgcGkzj0fLQLg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/4/2015", "Came here recently for dinner with my boyfriend. We did the tapas menu sharing 6 items and a bottle of wine.Breakdown of what we got:- Fresh roasted Beet salad- this was simple and delicious- Nuta- This was mix of various different seafood with vegetables- similar to a ceviche. We really enjoyed this!- Sweet potatoes julienne fries- quite possibly the best sweet potato fries i've had (in a while at least) They were crispy and seasoned perfectly- Cambodian style marinated beef tenderloin- the flavoring on this was unique but worked and was super tasty!- Mia BBQ pork buns-- we loved this as well. The BBQ sauce was very sweet but worked well with the dish.- Gelato- i believe we had the vanilla bean Gelato. This was delicious and a generous serving (between the two of us we couldn't finish it). Overall i had a great experience with delicious food and good service. Our bill came up to about $125 including tip for both of us- which isn't bad considering we got a whole bottle of wine with that!", 4, 1], "TT4Ykrw3JkQ8aKLvu186jw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/29/2015", "I love the concept of this restaurant: Asian tapas! I wish there was a place like this at home in Buffalo is I would be there a few times a month. Out of the six different dishes my friend and I shared, all of them were quite good. We both agreed however that a full-size entr\u00e9e of either would be a little too much of the same thing, but I guess that might be the case it any tapas place.The roast duck some Osa was fantastic, and the Thai basil chicken wings were also quite tasty. I really enjoyed the mushroom and rice noodle bun as well. The cocktail list was predictably rather fruity, in the bar was stocked mostly with different liquors and white liquors. I would've liked to of seen more whiskey offerings, but I cannot fault them for that. There was also a fairly substantial wine list.The atmosphere inside is bright and fun. On a busy night I imagine it would be rather loud, so it may not be the place you want to go for an intimate date. I would definitely return next time I'm in the mood to sample a few different things from the Asian continent.", 3, 0], "EsWa3MlrViToiZrDEnsC0Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/8/2015", "Upsides: Service was excellent. Seated right away, server was friendly & helpful. Food arrived quickly. Tofu salad was amazingly delicious as was the local bottle of wine. Downsides: very expensive for the quantity (small lovely looking plates) and frankly, the quality didn't seem to match the price. Quite fancy in presentation, but, well... aside from the tofu salad, everything was more like 3 stars. As if the whole thing wasn't well thought-out or something... Cases in point: Vegan chocolate torte was pretty, dusted in cocoa powder & soooo yummy, only, you had to use a knife & fork to cut into it because it was served so cold it was nearly solid!  Partner's lobster/fish masala was flavorful, but there was no way to GET to the lobster, w/improper utensils and no damp cloth for fingers. Boo. Bottom line: I felt like the menu was so varied, there was no one specialty or focus, so everything suffered a bit much for the expense ($230 for 4 people)!", 3, 0], "WKMceem2-rmONBL7I6oJkg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/9/2014", "This place is awesome. I don't know what people are talking about here. Food had great flavor, came out very fast, was warm, & cooked great. We ordered entrees but the tapas looked great too. Excellent service! I've been to many Asian fusion restaurants in the northeast. This is by far one of the best. Mmmm I'm still dreaming of my meal a day later---it was that good!", 5, 0], "QCkCcqirIh9kP4dHYWeUAA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/9/2014", "I'm sorry to give Mia 1 star because their food is pretty good, although it has slipped a little since they recently lost their Exec. Chef. But the service is horrible. We went with a party of 10 for my birthday. It was a busy Friday but we called ahead and were seated in the \"overflow seating\" area with only 2 other parties. When we ordered, we made it clear that some of us were ordering tapas to be served with the others' entrees. They brought out some of the food a while later. We began asking the server when the other food would be ready after 10-15 minutes. He said he would check on it and didn't come back until we asked again. When he disappeared, I asked another server if she could check on the food.After another 1/2 hour or so had gone by, some of us were nearly done with our meals, and I asked to speak with a manager. Another 15 or so minutes, the manager came up and says 1 minute until the other food is ready. We are all ready to leave at this point and were going to be late to a show. The manager said we could take the forgotten food to go for 10% off--did not agree to comp those meals--then we waited for a long time to finally get the bill and half our party left hungry. Overall a waste of time and money. Find your delicious pork buns elsewhere!", 1, 4], "wKza8I92vamKNOhAAa7Lmg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/8/2014", "First experience at Mia's was relatively mediocre. Very nice atmosphere and great service, but the ramen noodles were bland and unappealing and my duck samosa arrived cold. The samosa turned out quite delicious after reheating. Might return to see if the experience is better the second time around", 3, 0], "K6pDF6z9MCqXiJk78PztGg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/9/2014", "Mmmm so many great flavors tonight. I spied a grilled portobello with satay 1st --delish. Next was beefless strips (soy/wheat) panang curry--very flavorful and a feast more protein than I expected vegetables. So:- I craved veggies and ordered the beet salad --great temperature for the beets...very satisfying. I ordered the tart to go since it has fruits on it and I try to keep fruit separate from normal foods.", 4, 0], "l6yoBTLedFvg0q6P2A0PnA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/17/2014", "I was on a business trip to Cornell with some co-workers. We decided to check out Mia Restaurant in the Ithaca Commons. We were very impressed. I ordered roasted duck and it was awesome! Co-workers had similar feedback about dishes they ordered too. We were so happy that we picked the right restaurant for the dinner. Great atmosphere, quiet location and tasty food. One of the best if not the best food in town.", 5, 1], "I04HxE1-EZWZV8GBVEXHLw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/14/2014", "Mia is cute and has good atmosphere, but it doesn't excel in any way.Mia is in the Ithaca Commons, meaning that it is in a sweet spot for quick dinners between friends. The atmosphere is nice and classy, distancing itself from some of the dive-like restaurants nearby.The food is just OK. The Karee Gai was just OK. The Panang Curry was also just OK. Both seemed to be adequately seasoned and prepared, but neither really impressed me beyond a \"wow, that's food\" sense. I'm not sure what it was, but I had a hard time getting excited about the food in front of me.If you go here, I'd definitely experiment with their tapas - I'm hoping that is where their skill lies.", 2, 2], "6IHlo97vnUcST_CNUYVy6w": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/16/2014", "This is one of my daughter's favorite restaurant in Ithaca. We have to agree; an exceptionally fine dining experience. Started with a drink: I asked if the no-alcohol kiwi Nohito could have a little rum. It was great, not too sweet or clogged with mint leaves and you could taste the kiwi. Then the plates: pork wontons were in a flavorful broth. Shrimp papaya salad had huge shrimp. Ramen had a great flavor. A little less great: pork buns had really fatty pork (but the bun, cabbage and sauce were wonderful). The lobster tandoori was dry and not separated from the shell; not much tandoori flavor. We will try the pan fried lobster next time. Desserts were fantastic: sour cherry gelato, passion fruit sorbet and rice cardamon tart ( no crust) were exquisitely flavored. Service was attentive. We'll be back.", 5, 0], "sEW0wJ8arLcm6RwanS78bg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/11/2014", "A terrific addition to Ithaca's restaurants! We love the food, the drinks, the ambiance. Be sure to try the rolls and buns, which are delectable, and it's so nice that there are small plates to choose from as well as entrees. This restaurant is competitive with anything in New York City--but with affordable prices!", 5, 0], "SU5x0-HNthoyuWa9G1Z-nQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "8/5/2014", "We ordered many different plates to get a lot of variety and we were pleased with everything we ordered. Cambodian tenderloin from the grill was amazing and we had to order a second plate. Will be going back again to try more of what they have to offer.", 5, 1], "ap5ihINmtXkU-_yR9ZJZ_Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/20/2014", "I am rating this 5 stars based on the fact that this restaurant is in Ithaca, and despite the booming food scene there, you are somewhat limited in terms of what is within driving distance.This is genuinely some of the best, well executed Asian food I've had in a really long time, (even including places outside of Ithaca). I find that asian fusion is often totally butchered, but Mia gets it right on point. I had the beef tenderloin stir fry with baby corn and whatnot and it was absolutely impeccably delicious. It really was. And the price was not bad either, a really high quality meal for 15 dollars is pretty good in my book. We shared a bunch of tapas too and everything was great. We also had a wonderful server that night and they were very accomodating. If you're looking for an upscale, delicious dinner (either to share or get your own dish) this is it.", 5, 2], "YxVKuq_42SYKTo-LNdo4KQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/30/2014", "Mia came highly recommended by my coworkers and peers in the Finger Lakes area. I've visited twice and found the food to be good if somewhat inconsistent. The salad with the fried tofu on top is absolutely amazing! However, the entrees, while not disappointing, we're also not stellar. My biggest issue with Mia is the inconsistency in service. On my first visit I had a very friendly young lady who was also the bartender. She had a great attitude but was spread very thin with both roles. So the wait was longer than I would have preferred. However, on my second visit I had a young man who was nothing short of rude. He took my food before I was finished eating, refused to make any substitutions, and refused to get a manager for me. I actually had to go back to the restaurant to complain about the service I received. What was more concerning, was the owners reaction and seeming lack of concern for the treatment his staff was doling out. For that reason I have chosen not to return to Mia for any future meals.", 2, 6], "Cde3nuahgiw-kDbWRaTKVw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/17/2014", "Nice place. Menu looked good, but service and quality lacking. Would go elsewhere. Too many good choices to put up with a very inconsistent experience. Ordered multiple plates and the delivery was very random. One person received all their dishes while the others didn't get theirs. Some of the dishes were very hot while others were cold. Quality was marginal. Beer was served in a dirty glass. Sent back and no apology or acknowledgement. Waiter and hostess were both serving us which led us to believe that it was the waiters first night. Overall, very average - nothing special.", 3, 1], "iBnzHy34VyKZcYPKhom2MQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "2/4/2014", "First time here, taking customers to dinner. Table of 10. Food was fine, and the service was good as well. What really upset me was their attitude about the wine selection. I ordered two bottles of $70 Stag's Leap Cabernet Sauvignon. The waiter said they only had one bottle and offered to substitute another selection for the second bottle at a $60 price. I agree although the second bottle was also not on the wine list. The second bottle was not equal in quality to the Stag's Leap, and I asked about other selections when ordering a third bottle. There was a bottle on the list that was priced $12 higher which I asked to have substituted. The answer was NO! I found it hard to believe that I brought 10 people to a restaurant, spent overt $600 and they wouldn't upgrade $12 on one bottle of wine. That is poor customer service. There are other restaurants to go to in the area (although I understand many of them are owned by the same person). I wouldn't go back here.", 2, 3], "CXULcCoVjMgvMLDvrQa-DQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "1/6/2014", "We had New Year's Eve dinner here, and it was a delightful evening. Service was prompt and friendly, food was excellent.  Visiting as we were from NYC area, we found the prices to be reasonable. We would be happy to return on our next visit to Ithaca.", 4, 0], "LR3-Jd1Opleb-33gLmvW7w": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "12/9/2013", "I agree with Matt H.'s review. The food is acceptable but nothing amazing & you're better off going somewhere else, especially for the price you're paying. I've tried two dishes: the vegetarian Indian-style \"ratatoille\" was great, but the pork vindaloo was chewy and not very good.The service was good and I really liked the atmosphere, but overall the food was a major letdown.", 2, 2], "_qFY9Vbx7Fft7If67iMaRA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/6/2013", "I like this restaurant a lot. The food is really great, and the price is fair. I ordered the half duck last time and really enjoyed it. The environment is pretty nice and chill. It's a nice place to have a fancy dinner as well as a place just enjoy a time with friends. I think it's actually considered as Asian cuisine, but the food doesn't taste very asian... and the style in generally is not much asian at all... Anyway, the food is great even it's not real cuisine =DHowever, the service was sometimes very slow even there were not many costumers.", 4, 2], "sX_wr9HAWJkrz6HXUszlng": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/3/2013", "A very nice place. The food was also very good and so full of flavors. The ambiance, quality, food of this restaurant matches with that of restaurants in New York city.The dessert we got was just amazing, creme brulee in 3 flavors... They have a variety of desserts that you can try every time you go there.", 4, 4], "aTgn4Q73R3-FdijnDIq-VQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/24/2013", "Mia's food is acceptable, but for the price, you are better off going elsewhere. Firstly the menu selection: it looks very appetizing, I was excited by many of the dishes described. However, almost every item I ordered was disappointing. The beef curry way one big piece of brisket in an Asian inspired gravy. Not my preference, but perhaps others will like this unusual presentation. Personally, if I wanted a hunk of beef for dinner I'd go to a steakhouse. Other people's curries at the table were for the most part, not as tasty as the cheaper Thai or Indian places near by. The food just doesn't live up to the exciting menu descriptions.The atmosphere downstairs is modern and classy and the service was also spot on. This is a redeeming feature of the restaurant.", 2, 8], "ixUDo7tVuz7RBCM2lVti2w": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/30/2013", "First time here i had the pork vindaloo and it was not good at all. Second time I had their night special of ribeye steak and it was fantastic so overall Im averaging to a 3 star rating. The ribeye was very tender and had bok choy ont he bottom which gave it a great contrast and it also came with rice! This was a great meal for the quantity/cost ratio. Their salmon dish i had from a friends plate was very good at first but a bit too sweet. The vindaloo from my first time was bad because of the dry pork and the curry itself was just not very flavorful and quite too simple for the price. Mias is definitely on the more expensive end in Ithaca, but worth it if everything else could taste like the ribeye!", 3, 4], "hEo5QBDT3RA-8KC1JyzZDQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/9/2013", "Over priced pretentious food with poor execution. Appetizers may have been frozen and the sauce on my entree was too salty and not very pleasant. My friends meat entree was chewey. Do not recommend.", 1, 1], "u4Owz9fTYQHulQcGvlgdRA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "4/6/2013", "Got great atmosphere and amazing desserts. Not too impressed with their entrees though. Feels like you can get better food at other restaurants (Thai, Indian) for cheaper.", 4, 1], "cuGzUW1r4KQc2ega5GdBJw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/16/2013", "Pros: Atmosphere and decor is very ritzy. Service was great when we went. Cons:For the price, the food isn't that impressive. Its good, but there are better options for asian cuisine in the commons (all of which are cheaper).", 3, 0], "8EC62cW5_kfdsO8ERssUMQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/14/2013", "I am surprised to read the bad reviews about this restaurant because our experience was very nice!My husband and I were in Ithaca staying at a B&B as a \"gift get away\" from the children. We had reservations for Thai Cuisine, but got a call saying that they had a family emergency and would not be open. We made reservations for Mia's instead, although no one we knew had been there.We both really liked the decor and the atmosphere. We thought the food was five star, the only thing wrong with our evening was the service. The service was \"three star\" while everything else was five star for us.We shared an appetizer of chicken samosas. We both agreed they were delicious. I had the Panang curry with chicken and my husband had Thai spicy seafood bouillabaisse. I had asked the waiter if there were mushrooms in the Panang curry and he said he didn't know, but if there were he would be sure they were left out. Of course there were mushrooms in the dish, and of course they were also on my plate. No big deal, I picked them out, but it was bad form. This waiter was also a little slow with drink refills and the check. He was young and he would benefit from some training. I didn't feel that customer service was on his mind at all.I also asked the waiter if he could recommend 1 of 3 dishes I was interested in, and he said \"It's hard to know\" - I got the feeling that he had never eaten the dishes!! I wondered if he had ever eaten anything at the restaurant! Not a good feeling if the wait staff hasn't sampled the food where they work. That is something the owners should rectify.Both my husband and I thought our entrees were five star. Mine was a perfect compliment of sweet and spicy. I did wish there was a little MORE of it. I felt the rice portion was a little small, and since I picked out 1/3 of my dish with the mushrooms, the portion felt a little small. My husband did not have the same complaint.Both of our deserts were outstanding. My husband had the Cr\u00e8me Br\u00fbl\u00e9e Trio and I had the Dark Chocolate and White Chocolate Mousse. I definitely won with my selection. Two of his creme brulees were very good but one was a little flat. That is a hard desert to make stand out because it is so widely available. Mine was unique though and VERY delicious!!If it had not been for the poor service it would have been a five star experience. When the bill is so high for two people it is a let down to have anything annoying interfering with your enjoyment of the place. So other than less than stellar service we had an excellent night. I would definitely go back though and highly recommend it to anyone!", 5, 2], "_gZiXE9zDHnOVLoHgTToNQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "3/6/2013", "Pretty good food, would have gotten 4 stars if it wasn't on the pricer end. Foie Gras was delicious. Great desserts too.", 3, 0], "IVuqKVtNxgbuF4qMJ9PHTA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "12/4/2012", "To be honest, I came here for the appetizers and the alcohol. Mia is specialized in SEA fusion cuisine, but I personally think they try to do too much with the food and as a result, the dishes turn out to be quite unsatisfying. One of the best things we had there:- Their foie gras- Their NZ lack of lamb- The creme brulee (well, they were just above okay). - Their lychee mojito I saw that people recommend sushi, maybe next time we'll give it a try.", 3, 0], "QRUS9_IVM5U_qqEbePBgdg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/31/2012", "We were in Ithaca for Cornell's parent's weekend and we were looking for some special restaurants. We wanted one to be in The Commons so we chose Mia and we weren't disappointed. The place is trendy and has a nice vibe. The food has an interesting twist on traditional Asian food. Yes- it is pricier than a typical Thai restaurant, etc. but the food is definitely more unique and the service was great. It was our favorite restaurant for the weekend.", 5, 2], "2HYIzavLj8YYRkSnuuVM2A": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/25/2012", "The restaurant claims to be a fusion restaurant, but unfortunately makes weird non-tasty food. The Thai dishes and Indian dishes are a lot of times very salty. The service is not great. One time the waiter appeared to have an attitude because we didn't order wines.", 2, 1], "aqpqQu_65D5Xcqqf4Go-lA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/15/2012", "Not so good for vegans. They literally had zero options, and the dish that they created was... penne with some uninspired veggies. I wouldn't have minded, except that they charged us waaaay too much for something I could have made in my own kitchen with my eyes closed. For an Asian fusion restaurant, I would have hoped for at least one interesting dish that didn't have meat or dairy. The staff was nice enough. The ambiance was nothing to write home about.", 2, 2], "rJTVKLct8CFy1yTTD5Zl0Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/15/2012", "Great miso soup, philadelphia roll and shrimp spicy salad. Perhaps the best sushi in Ithaca.", 5, 1], "wie7wTK__IRTObFfcXOl5A": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "7/1/2012", "The interior decor at Mia were very tastefully accomplished. The staff was arrogant and not very personable.", 2, 4], "x9oie-V5k3GIyKmkrZtuRw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "6/16/2012", "A few friends and I decided to have a nicer-than-usual dinner and were pleasantly surprised to find Mia a great restaurant. Other than being painfully expensive, I found their enormous 16 oz. steak delicious and their alcohol selection superb. Additionally, their desserts are VERY GOOD. As recommended by a relative, the cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e was amazing. All in all, a great place to go for good atmosphere and food, for a hefty price tag.", 4, 2], "9DKU9orQL44g9j8h3knVRg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "5/9/2012", "I think this restaurant would appeal to people looking strictly for aesthetics rather than good food. It looks somewhat fancy, so I think people must assume they are getting fancy food, but it's low quality and mostly very disappointing. We ate on a week night and the restaurant was not busy -- maybe 4 tables in the restaurant while we were there.We ordered a few appetizers, entrees, and 2 glasses of wine each. Our bill was 100.00 + tip, for two people. The appetizers we tried included:(1) \"roasted\" beet, arugula & watercress with a ginger lime dressing -- The beets were boiled - bloated, tasteless, unseasoned. Definitely had not been roasted. There was no taste of real ginger. There was candied ginger in the salad, which did not really go with the other flavors. The dressing had no taste of ginger. (2) Vegetable samosas: these were OK, but tasted like they came from a box.(3) Lotus Root Fritters: these are completely tasteless until you put the bottled chili sauce on them. This is the same chili sauce that we buy in Wegmans and it completely overpowered the fritters. We tried the fritters without the chili sauce and then just tasted an oily and under-seasoned fritter. We started to worry about the next course after trying these appetizers (for good reason, it turned out).Entree:I tried the Dahl. This was inedible. Literally inedible. I have never had such a disgusting combination of spices in one dish before. The spices did not go together and made a totally simple dish taste utterly confused. I left most of this dish in the bowl it came in.My husband tried the Mussamund Curry, which looked more like a stew without the normal curry sauce typically seen in curry dishes. He ate his meal, but was disappointed with the flavors as well.The service was alright, but not to the level you may expect.  Spotty and uneven and not quite up to par for what is presented as a somewhat nice restaurant. Our server was pleasant. The other server was not very pleasant and we were glad not to have her.I don't think we'd return if this was 1/4 of the price, but certainly won't spend 100.00 on a meal this poor ever again.  Oh well.", 1, 3], "biDD1zrl3Whvf_8VZ9DJDQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "1/18/2012", "Another place owned by my old professor and her restaurateur husband! Mia is great but it doesn't quite reach the level of ZaZa's in my book. I came here with my boyfriend and his parents in August 2011 and was very impressed overall.The environment and ambiance of the restaurant are perfection. That's the case with all of Lex's restaurants, but this one is even more so. The service is incredibly professional as it is at ZaZa's, and you can tell the waiters are well-trained (to the point where it's almost a little off-putting, but not quite).They brought out little cups of miso-esque soup to us before our appetizers, which tasted lovely. Appetizers were baby back ribs with daikon kimchee (amazing and the meat just fell right off the bone), and crepe with pork, sweet sausage and crab. Both were excellent.We split three entrees for the table: wild mushroom stir fry with baby corn, etc. (this was my favorite), Northern Indian chicken masala, and pan-fried curried red snapper. Huge bowls of white rice were served with the entrees. I thought the meat/fish entrees were both good, but not great. I also don't think I could come here and get one entree all to myself -- the flavors are too intense in every dish and it just works out better to share.It's incredibly expensive, but mostly worth it...but not on my grad student budget.", 4, 1], "E1gmsH-8NS-TjuaOZt_rRw": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "12/21/2011", "This place was AWESOME!Number one thing on this menu are the Porn Buns. Lord have mercy those are dangerously good. The pork is crisp on the first bite and melts in your mouth on the second bite.Everything else was great too but nothing compared to the pork buns. They claim to source mostly sustainable or humanely treated meats and seafood which is a huge deal to me. The atmosphere was nice, and I love that it's right downtown. Service was good too.I will be back a many times as my arteries allow me to eat the Pork Buns.", 5, 3], "vIOOKTBTUm60Wf6_8MAoGA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "12/12/2011", "Mia serves some decent food in a really well done environment. I have had better but I would definitely return just for the pork buns!I went here for dinner after months of anticipation based on all the good reviews and the familiarity with the owner's other restaurants. I have to say that the food was a bit hit and miss. I wanted to see how a diverse number of dishes was prepared, so my friend and I had a number of dishes from the left side of the menu. Our line up consisted of tom kha gai, raw sampler, crispy duck roll, BBQ pork buns, foie gras, and baby back ribs. Lets get the bad news out of the way. The tom kha was way too sour and rather thin in terms of texture and amounts of ingredients. The foie was pretty disappointing, thus ruining my perfect streak of awesome foie dishes. The foie was cold with no sear on the outside to add a level of texture and flavor that I am used to. It was also pretty awkward to navigate the dish as the puff pastry on the bottom was very tough and hard to cut through without demolishing the delicate foie. I don't think the baby back ribs were even baby backs. They tasted like spare ribs, and much like the foie, they were inexcusably cold. They were tender but not enough to effortlessly fall off the bone like I am used to. The flavors were satisfyingly and distinctively umami, though. Now the good part! The pork bun was a pleasure to eat and the number one reason why I can't wait to go back for another round. The bun was perfectly steamy and soft. The pork was extremely well prepared and the crispiness contrasted with the softness of the bun. The daikon provided a third texture to the dish that was all tied together with the sauce. This dish was fantastic and definitely the best item on the menu that we had. The raw sampler was very well prepared as well. All three fish were wonderfully fresh and paired with sauces that synergized each bite. I really appreciated the translucent ruby color of the ahi tuna. The only aspect of this dish that I wish was different was the presentation. It was hard to share this dish as it was served in tasting spoons. Otherwise, it was perfect. The crispy duck rolls had lots of great flavors with the freshness of the herbs playing a large part in the flavor profile. The roll itself was thick enough to give the dish substance and was fried perfectly crispy. For all dishes, the presentation was simple and clean, which was a great example of how less is more.The interior of Mia is very well done. There are plenty of colors that are stimulating and simply just work. It is a tasteful mix of different designs elements and colors that makes your eyes wander. The one aspect that I thought was really interesting were the tables. They edges were tapered to give an impression that they were wafer thin and delicate. I just thought it was pretty clever.The service here was OK. Our server was training someone and really didn't explain the menu very much, which is OK, but some introduction would have been nice. The pace was pretty good but they brought out our 6 dishes in two rounds of 3. The table was a bit crowded. I also think the duck roll took a bit longer to fire so the foie and ribs may have been sitting in the back, hence why they were cold when they arrived.I would have liked to have given 4 stars but the cold and sometimes awkward dishes dropped it to 3. I think it is a good restaurant but I have higher expectations considering the price. I will definitely return for some BBQ pork buns sometime in the near future because I walk by this place every day and one of these times, I'm going to stop back in.", 3, 3], "N_Y96mzNMkmj7Cr7fezeOg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "12/4/2011", "Yay Mia, A+! Hubby and I had a deeeeeelicious meal last night at Mia, our 1st time there so far. Perfect for date night - although I was glad I was at the end of the epic banquette that spans almost the entire length of the dining space (even if that meant that I was had the stairway to bathrooms right next to me). As expected, there's a certain level of class to the atmosphere and it felt both very romantic and comfortable at the same time.I had the most dangerous drink ever to start - a passion fruit caiproska that was way too delicious for a lightweight drinker like myself. Best part of the meal by far were the bbq pork buns - my hubby actually ordered those but I practically ate the whole plate myself. I was there for apps only, so I had a raw fish sampler, the scallop dumplings, and the duck rolls. Both the pork buns and the scallop dumplings were clever - deconstructed in a way that made the protiens shine more and have great texture. A+ for both. The roll part of the duck rolls trumped their actual filling, which was good but not that special. Raw fish is raw fish, though it wasn't served in a way I would have chosen - diced rather finely and a little hard to actually eat (either with the chopsticks, the fork, or even right out of the spoons they are served in). Hubby had a pork entree, which I cannot review as I didn't get to try it, as he practially licked his plate clean!For dessert I had some kind of marscapone and strawberry and puff pastry layered thing. Very rich and total yum - though as for the whole dessert menu, I do have to say that the selections don't seem to fit the rest of the restaurant. Terrible coffee, huge surprise! Slight sticker shock at the end - 4 drinks (that's what did it), 5 apps, 1 entree, 2 desserts, 1 coffee = $127. Worth it though.They had a nice looking bar that stayed empty the whole time we were there - I am definitely looking forward to going there just for drinks and pork buns! There were actually quite a few things on the menu that sounded great, so once my piggy bank is full again, I'm really looking forward to returning here.Oh, and a quick note on service - our server was very nice & professional - kind of a typical scenerio where it's SO proper that you think they're really an actor, playing a great server. Not totally my thing. BUT, it was insaaaanely endearing how well this young man handled an elderly couple sitting adjacent to us - who wanted to totally commandeer all of his time with totally stupid questions and personal conversation. He was so sweet and nice to these people (and patient!) - we gave him a great tip just in case this couple decided to only double the tax. Well played.", 5, 3], "6JJ6p4gU0goD-z3JG3_GmQ": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "11/6/2011", "Went to Mia for dinner this past Friday. The place gets one star for ambiance. The dining room is nicely appointed and not too noisy or obnoxious. Unfortunately, the food only adds another star. Starters run about $10 a piece, and for a $10 order of crispy duck rolls I expect more than 3 tiny duck rolls that can be eaten in 2 bites a piece. Mains run about $20 a-pop and there the problem isn't the serving size, which is decent, it is the quality of the food. The dishes here are not significantly better than what you can get in any of the other good alternatives in town such as Sticky Rice, Tamarind or Taste of Thai. We had the duck rolls, mussels, thai spicy seafood and the prig pow moo, and the Prig Pow Moo was decent but kind of a one note dish that consisted of just pork in sauce with no vegetables or anything to break up the monotony while the seafood was overcooked with rubbery prawns and scallops. The duck rolls were not particularly exciting either, as they were prepared in such a way that they barely tasted of duck at all. Still, it was edible, so that earns Mia its second star. Where Mia loses and loses big is with the quality of the service and the overall value. First was when the waiter came to take away our dishes from our appetizers, he picked up our chopsticks and basically threw them down on the bare table with an audible clatter before proceeding to spill some broth from our mussels onto the table while removing the dish. Did he come back to wipe off that broth? No, he didn't even notice, obviously busier with more important tables than ours. Second, when he took our main dishes away, he practically stabbed me in the arm passing by with the silverware. I'm not one to make a fuss, but I'm lucky I was wearing a black t-shirt and not a nice dress shirt which would have got ruined by his carelessness. On top of those errors, he was rude and short with us, making it seem like we were wasting his time by eating in the restaurant. The bottom line for me is that when my bill came I felt like I had been ripped off. That's a feeling I don't get when I go to a pricier restaurant in town like Just a Taste or Fine Line Bistro. When I go to those places I feel like I got my money's worth in delicious food and proper service. I just didn't feel that way at all in Mia. Needless to say I won't be returning, and wouldn't encourage anybody to try this place out. For a small town there are a lot of great places to eat in Ithaca so don't waste your time and money in Mia.", 2, 6], "R3I8lMbbr9ecn8ghQy2LRA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/29/2011", "I'm not one to usually care so much about somewhat bad service, but this experience merits a review. I had high hopes for MIA after reading what other yelpers had to say, but I have to confess I was utterly disappointed. We sat down for dinner at 730pm, and fifteen minutes later no one had come by our table. We didn't know who our server was and flagged some server down who kindly took our order (even though we weren't in his section). Our server eventually brought out our food, but it took an hour for the entrees to come out. There was no explanation or apology whatsoever. In fact, our server didn't utter a single word to us until we were finished with our entrees, at which point we were willing to forgo the MIAs beautiful deserts and just get out of there, but ff course getting the check was no easy task either.  We weren't the only ones frustrated with this situation. We overheard a nearby table complain that they too had completely lost their patience. So all in all I give MIA 4 stars for food, and a zero for service. Not sure if it's a worth a second try...", 2, 4], "vRhsNhj8kigimaN9TU9SVA": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "10/9/2011", "This restaurant is tops in all respects, except yes, it is expensive. But the food is delicious, the menu fantastic, the wait staff so professional. It was a bit loud, it's a fairly small place, but the decor is unusual and very comfortable. Did I mention the food is fantastic? Seriously heavenly. I asked for mine \"hot but not that hot\" and they got it just right! Having a friendly, professional wait staff that knows what they are doing is such a plus. So nice that it is near Cinemapolis. We're having another dinner and movie date night soon!", 5, 2], "qO-O1GGfRpqm1OhCA0cfqg": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/20/2011", "I went to Mia with my friend this week and I ordered the Thai Chicken Curry and my friend the Northern Indian Chicken Marsala. There was nothing exciting about my dish. The sauce was not flavorful and there were basically no vegetables, just sauce and chicken. I left most of it and ate when I got home.My friend's dish, the chicken marsala, had essentially the same problems. It was essentially chicken with salsa on top. No spice, no flavor. She said it belonged in a burrito.Another problem...they just keep coming, the place is super cold. There are a bunch of vents on the floor which make the 62 degree temperature feel like 40 with the windchill.Also the waiters there are superficially proper which is rather obnoxious. Altogether, it's bad. Expensive. Bad ambiance. Bad Food. Friendly but fake service.AVOID! Stick to the Ithaca favorites like Just a taste, Mahogany Grill, Ithaca Ale House, Moosewood... to name a few", 1, 7], "B6ganOGCRTRUnMMurGWf1Q": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/7/2011", "Wow. Ithaca has sunk to a new low for overpriced low-quality food with horrendous service, and it goes by the name mia! None of the dishes I ate or anything I saw on anyone else's plate in the entire restaurant warranted the price charged. The menu also lacks from any seriously developed theme/etc.--it is too over the map. Asian food is great, but to make a pan-anything menu requires more than just a grab-bag approach. And let's be honest, when you can't cook a portabello mushroom correctly, should you really be in the culinary business? I might be willing to overlook some negatives in the dining experience if the waitstaff are actually kind and courteous. But no, at mia it's the standard ithaca approach of 'clearly i am better than waiting on you at a restaurant, but i'm taking this job until i find something else.' I particularly enjoyed the entire staff not knowing what the hell to do when the fire alarm started going off. Considering the history of structural fires on the commons, I actually take fire alarms seriously, and would hope that the management would inform and educate their staff to do the same.And asking a restaurant to play good music is always asking too much, but can you at least not play horrible, I mean HORRIBLE, elevator smooth jazz mixed with crappy adult contemporary?So, no, I won't ever go back there. And no, I won't recommend it to anyone else. I'll actively suggest you don't go there. It's not worth the try.", 1, 3], "cnc_PBpIoaUNBWLVd2RF-g": ["Yelp", "Mia Restaurant", "9/2/2011", "I invited friends to dine on opening night in late June. The experience was terrific. The waitstaff was attentive and informative. One of my guests is Turkish, as was our waiter. This made for a great connection and we all listened intently to their exchanges and laughter. The spring roll appetizer was delicious. Many of us had the lamb dish and we were blown away with Lex's (owner) creation. There was plenty of food. The owner's wife is a pastry chef and we were told that all desserts were homemade. We ordered five of the desserts so we all could sample the variety. Each was better than the last. The pistachio kofti was soft and delicious. The creme brule trio was warm and rich in flavors. The chocolate bombe had a real hit of raspberry that was so pleasing. The coffee was very good and the wine selection was varied and appropriate. I went again two nights ago, just for dessert and coffee. Although we were only having dessert, we were seated quickly and our business was treated as importantly as a dinner customer. My daughter and I shared 3 desserts (!) and they were as good as opening night. We were not rushed through, in fact, we lingered for quite some time, finishing our coffee, after our desserts were gone. I had the same Turkish waiter we had in June and he remembered my friend. Mia is an outstanding Ithaca gem. I am pleased to know I can take out of town guests there and be confident it will be wonderful. Fine dining is always worth the price when it's done right.", 5, 4]}
{"7ylx0H928zNca-zlpsWQmg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/21/2019", "Absolutely delicious !!!!! I got the bacon Mac and cheese, the bbq pork Mac and cheese and chicken wings. All three were amazing, they certainly use local products and the flavor of the cheese- meats was very smooth and tasteful. Would certainly go back when I visit Ithaca again, you get 10% off your order if you make it online. It's next to a bar so you can cross over for drinks if you want. Ordered this around 9:30pm on a Wednesday night, place was empty but food was cooked within 10ish minutes and cashier was nice.", 5, 0], "gCxzfurQmaBMft8hUayoyA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/17/2018", "Disappointing that a restaurant with such an interesting menu falls so short in execution. The food is almost always cold, they fail to include an adequate amount of protein in their tacos, buns, and burritos, and they always drench all their food in enough mayo to clog your arteries. If this isn't enough, there prices are exorbitant and their portions are a joke. My $6 pork bun was literally half the size of my palms (I have small hands). I know the menu is enticing and there aren't many other options around Ithaca, but I absolutely advise everyone to avoid eating here at all costs. That is, if you don't want to empty your pockets just to be left hungry and dissatisfied.", 1, 0], "fQwxg2r8j4hZz6jTId9NJw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/8/2018", "while the food here is normally good, the delivery service is heinous. I ordered food for me and five of my friends (and not very much per person). we ordered the food at 6:00pm and waited until 8:00pm for it to finally come. when it did, they had forgotten my meal and two of our orders of fries. then, on the phone, the waitress was dismissive of our frustration. while I may go back to luna to grab a late night sandwich, I will NOT be ordering from them again.", 2, 0], "gfhJrvMA9e3JMZ8XvmWbAw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "11/11/2018", "I wish I could rate 0 stars. I ordered tacos and chips to be picked up and when I arrived, no one was there to greet me. I was standing at the register for a solid 3 minutes and no one greeted me. The kitchen staff kept looking at me and turned away, as if I was inconveniencing them. When someone finally arrived, she wasn't friendly at all. After leaving to head home with my food, I opened the bag to find no cutlery, stale chips, and soggy, soggy tacos. Whoever made the food clearly didn't care about presentation because the fish and the pineapple was strewn everywhere; the tacos essentially fell apart. The chips were very stale. I figured they couldn't possibly get chips wrong, but I guess they can. Worst $12 I have ever said. I could get a full, decent meal at Panera Bread for $10. I will not be purchasing anything from Luna's ever again.", 1, 0], "QplNShbl0en1zwm19LR8CQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/17/2018", "I went back to Luna Inspired Street Food at a less busy time and had a totally different experience. The food was better and the wait was under 10 minutes. Still though, it seemed pricey for what I recieved.", 3, 0], "8JOEFlC0itmATpIdo9mbUg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/3/2018", "Most was good. The chicken sliders AMAZING, chicken on a stick. Amazing, potstickers, amazing. Very friendly BBC atmosphere. The owner was really nice. Not a fan of the rib mac and cheese.", 4, 0], "RevFM-KkhdnrSJOgfmLlpA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/23/2018", "Food: 4Decor: 3.5Ambiance: 4Service: 3Value: 4This place has such an interesting menu, we had to try it out. Surprisingly, the food is really good! I imagine some of the dishes are closer to authentic than others, but even the ones that are intentionally unique sound like they would work. If I find myself in the area again, I'll likely return.", 4, 1], "qok91rgNGtkqOxcoaWJH2Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/8/2018", "DO NOT EAT HERE. I came in, was very respectful, waited 45 mins for my food, and there was absolutely no one in line. Every single person in the back was standing around/chatting and hanging out with random people that keep walking in. There was lots of suspicious behaviors going on and I am convinced that the workers were under the influence. Everyone was disheveled and acting erratic. I ordered 2 fish tacos (there was 1 dime sized piece of fish in one taco and there were a couple dime sized pieces of meat in the second one). The tortilla was cold and dried out. The chips were completely stale, I couldn't even chew it because they were so old.The macaroni and cheese had absolutely no flavor it was just pasta with crumbs. The chicken wings that we ordered were soaked with the sauce and were very undercooked. Looked like a chicken wing soup. Disgusting!! I was waiting for Ashton Kutcher to walk out and tell me this was a prank. Not cool!", 1, 3], "bcog7Qo0gxuoWtw-9Z0J8g": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/1/2018", "Never order from this restaurant. I ordered a Street Corn Salad. The greens tasted unwashed which is bad enough, but halfway through my salad, I realized that there was a CRICKET in my food. I threw it out and called the restaurant to inform them that the food is unsanitary, and they were extremely rude and dismissive. So disgusted by the food and the service.", 1, 2], "cH4YWTev7gJFdYAl8Vzhbw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "8/19/2018", "This place was amazing! Great food great staff. We will definitely be back on our next visit to Ithaca", 5, 0], "bCSPE0LIgjol3jp08c0nmQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/25/2018", "Amazing food!! I ordered the pineapple chicken it was so delicious I didn't stop until it was gone! The churro waffle was so tasty as well! Bookmarking and ordering again so good and ready for more", 5, 0], "C7rpEBHOTr04fWQnIj1bqw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/6/2018", "I went for a drink and to people watch. I didn't realize that I needed to order inside and so waited a bit before I saw a server who explained the concept. The people working there all seemed helpful, but the $4 sangria, while a bargain, was not very good. I'm not convinced they actually use wine to make it, and it had no fruit in it. I'd stick to beer next time.", 3, 0], "SMON8u1L8FPO_tc8PrnEXA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "6/23/2018", "Slow service and bad food. We had the fish tacos and you can barely find the fish. Also had the Korean short ribs tacos and wasn't good either but more plentiful. The fried oyster Po boy sandwich was ok and tasty. The kitchen looked chaotic as if they don't know what they are doing. Overall pricey for the poor food you get.", 1, 0], "0kqgzmF9CRvLjvqS6uu3Gg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/13/2018", "Ordered a half order of the short ribs Mac n cheese and a burger. The Mac was a meal by itself. The crispy onions was the best part of this dish! I wanted more of the onions!The short rib was very salty, once tasting the bland Mac n cheese I understood. Mixing the short ribs into the Mac gave it more flavor/seasoning. The Mac was moist, I could've used more flavor and cheese, however, it was plentiful. For ithaca it was better than decent, I put pepper on it, mixed the short ribs and crispy onions into the Mac it was much better. They don't provide utensils, which I noticed other customers have complained about. I read the respond to this tip/complain. Maybe, they should either charge or ask customers if they would like utensils and napkins. You cannot eat Mac n cheese without utensils. Even fast food joints provide napkins.", 3, 0], "WVVWZ_JHvhCETZQIDFrmeg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/10/2018", "WARNING: Do not order the bahn mi! We had it delivered and, though the service was on time, the sandwiches had the stalest bread we've ever tasted! It was almost laughable how crumbly and dry the baguette was... truly ruined the entire entree. Will not order again :(", 2, 0], "m66BSdWKEyZuyEP1hug9Aw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/29/2018", "Let me begin by extending a shout out to Kevin. He takes great initiative in ensuring a satisfactory experience at Luna. On my first visit, the food was below my expectation and sub-par and I left somewhat disappointed that such a nice and cozy place fell short of the anticipated food standard. I wrote Kevin an e-mail detailing my experience and how I wished it were better. He immediately wrote back to me, relayed his apologies and shared his want to constantly improve and better the food being serve to ensure maximum customer satisfaction. What was unexpected is that he gave me a coupon to redeem on my next order, this I found to be very rare and indicative of how invested they are in improving the quality of customer experience. The food this time was delectable! The bao buns were perfectly steamed and fluffy. Duck fat fries was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I also ordered tofu wings in garlic butter sauce, and I can confidently say that I have never tasted better tofu! The burrito was on point and the Toritos were simply exceptional. Agreed, the serving size is less for the price paid, but it is worth every last dollar and more. I had a hearty feast and Luna has redeemed itself in flying colors. Any and all those of you that have had a less than satisfactory experience, please reach out to Kevin and he will be glad to help you through. Hand down the best Mexican place I have eaten in Upstate New York. Keep up the good work guys!", 5, 0], "0ToaBFF2TGGOHqY1D1CTRg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/20/2018", "This place always seems to screw something up. If you eat there, don't do takeout so that they can fix your order while you're there. Not only is the food too saucy and messy, sometimes it's cold, greasy, or in the case of a salad, warm. When ordering a chicken salad, how do they forget the chicken?Service has gone way downhill since they've opened and so has the food.", 1, 1], "VNwfsGa-mYHgyoENMDsfQA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/19/2018", "Really nice place and good food. We had the food delivered this trip, but have been to the restaurant a few times. The food was a bit slow in arriving, but it was after all...Valentines Day! The food was great and we enjoyed the ability to have it at home.", 4, 0], "7_x3kdUrYDJ54W7OzPO0-g": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/16/2018", "I was so disappointed today. I had a bad morning and all I wanted as a depressed college student was to obtain an arepa in my hand. But Luna's made this loving food a disastrous mess, specifically its corn flour tortilla. As I saw the arepa, it became noticeable that something was wrong. The tortilla was dripping in some orange ugly oil burn and I was hesitant to try it. Alas, my conclusion came to an abrupt agreement that this was excruciating painful to crunch into my mouth. A great arepa is suppose to have this crispy melt in your mouth tortilla that encapsulates the rest of the content. No words can truly hide my pain I feel at this moment..", 1, 0], "_BJFG1OkWzkpINIgd7mm5A": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/14/2018", "What is wrong with this restaurant? Last time I ordered pickup, they didn't prepare the order until I came and asked them. This time, also pickup, they didn't give me the sauce for fries! I didn't find out until I it home and opened my order. Request for refund.", 1, 0], "SqiJXvL9kF6wnkR9i6mZRQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/11/2018", "Best boneless chicken wings in town, and everything else on the menu is also totally delicious. The only thing I ever ordered that seemed \"regular\" and not outstanding was the chicken shawarma salad. It wasn't bad, just nothing to write home about. In my opinion, everything else is interesting and really excellent! We live on east hill and have ordered from the collegetown location what seems like hundreds of times. They have never disappointed us. I was surprised by other reviewers who say their delivery is bad. We haven't had that experience at all. Great addition to ithaca, and very grateful for their late night hours!", 5, 0], "czNUmjbRD3J4oyU-NARxmg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/2/2018", "Luna's has some of the best food in Ithaca, hands down! They are always super fast with delivery.", 5, 0], "gD6GdTLGl9LtInN_E6NOmA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/7/2018", "They have very nice people working but don't expect to get what you ask/pay for. Waited for over an hour and 20 minutes to make my order right and it didn't happen. There needs to be one manager that you can speak with to correct issues. This place needs to shape up or ship out and make way for real truck food. It's a joke right now.", 1, 1], "UQJePHifHotIXy85AdLkqg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "1/22/2018", "Great vegan and vegetarian selection! Also it's really convenient that this restaurant does delivery at late hours. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the food can be a bit pricy and the wait time for take out or delivery can be high. Great selection of food though for all different types of diets - the macaroni and cheese is to die for!", 4, 1], "AFG3PxQr9nI2NeMi1MqKlQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/30/2017", "Vegan? Up late? Staying in tonight? These guys are open late-night, AND they deliver!!! (Move over, DP Dough)!! The food here is super affordable if you're either on a budget or simply want a snack (half order of tofu wings=$5.49). It's no wonder their downtown location is strategically right next to Viva. The menu items are uniquely-crafted international street food blends, but most importantly, they're tasty beyond belief. You can venture as far outside your comfort zone as you like (check out the Caribbean Jerk Jar with Tofu), or, just stick with the Americana comfort/street food you know and love. Fair warning: it can get packed on a Friday night, but it's definitely good for groups. The staff is super helpful, skillful, and friendly. I love everything about this place - especially the mellow lighting. It's as if your favorite lunchtime food truck exploded into a full-on caf\u00e9; since \"Street Food\" is the name of the game, you can expect your order to come out quickly. Feeling introverted and want to engage in less chitchat? You can order via iPad before you even get to the register to pay. Perhaps it's the only place in town that offers such a feature! This is my favorite caf\u00e9 in town and I will be singing the praises of this place until the end of time... Order online for discounts & rewards!! ~~ lunastreetfood.com", 5, 1], "9xE0nAQ7m2NGgXjGflKJoA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/16/2017", "High price garbage. Chef prices, living wage cooked. Smh never again. Your taste is basic ameritialian like ever other restaurant. I was embarrassed to serve your wings to our company. We are trying to figure out what inspired you to serve food as such. Stealing from the people with a marketable name. Your food should speak dor itself.", 1, 0], "36Bahq0wSWVDD0QQF32Slg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "11/19/2017", "When leaving a review, I usually divide the sections for food, service, and price. However, I cannot possibly comment on their food quality. When delivering to the library at 1 AM, they didn't bring utensils so my friends and I couldn't taste a bit of Mac and cheese we ordered. We called right after we got the food to ask for forks and they said they will deliver. However, we never got the utensils we asked for and had to waste an additional hour on waiting. I hope I get to taste the food the next time.From this part is addedAMAZING! They did it again. I guess people are supposed to order utensils when they order food. Hahaha when we called if we can get utensils for our food, the person who received the call (idk who she is) told us that are supposed to put that in your order in a very sarcastic manner. I'm surprised how they treat their customers haha I wanted to give it a second try but I know where not to go/order food. Thank you for this lesson-learning experience.", 1, 2], "VaQK8iAmfirKbHLc5qO5gA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/13/2017", "Very unique place with a wide variety of food. Solid selection of vegetarian and vegan offerings. The sweet potato and kale tacos are my favorite! So delicious", 5, 3], "wJzTGMdarLesyFGy0USatw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/15/2017", "The menu is interesting and the food is good...but their delivery has become awful and completely unreliable in the last couple of months. Also, the gluten-free menu items keep being re-labeled (and aren't consistent across the app, website, and in-person menu) so I don't know what to trust. While I recommend that people without food allergies eat at the restaurant, you should completely avoid take-out and delivery at this point. We finally decided to stop ordering from there altogether because three delivery orders in a row have been wrong -- this is not an exaggeration. Food is arriving cold, items are being forgotten, and the follow-up with management is very limited (I wanted a refund, not for the delivery driver to return 45 minutes later with cold fries and our side sauces after we had finished eating) because their POS (back end restaurant management software) must be clunky and hard to work with. So they're making lots of ticket mistakes, they then can't fix those ticket mistakes, and they don't have enough drivers to meet demand, even at off-peak times. It seems clear to me that this local chain is suffering from scaling up too quickly, which is really sad because it was previously a refreshing change to the restaurant scene here. If I try again in a few months and things improve, I'll update my review. tl;dr people without food allergies should eat at the restaurant but everyone should avoid delivery and take-out", 2, 2], "304o1atdnz296oQkiJdHYg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/14/2017", "Very very displeased. Order was more than 15 minutes late. I called and was told it was enroute but took another 10 plus minutes to arrive. Still tipped the driver because he is a really nice guy. Probably not ordering from here again for a while!", 1, 0], "DhByKVAQvlWhGX6vSwpWwQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/4/2017", "Delivery took 2 hours to arrive. There was no estimated time online. Fries were stale. They claimed they called multiple times, but turns out they called the wrong number. Bad management, long waiting times (online and at the restaurant), mediocre food for the price.", 1, 2], "0EXAefvoHoONwUOpZAhN1Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "8/16/2017", "Arrived when there was no customer, ordered corn fritters, pouting. Took a while for food to come to the table. Sauce on poutine was soooo salty it was hard to eat. The corn fritters was salty and over cooked to the point that the corn was brown black color and hard. I did not enjoy a single bite of either item. The corn fritters should never have been served. You can clearly see it is over done. I usually don't waste food, I had to leave majority of my food. Prices were not cheap, if they cooked the food right I would consider it worth it. Kind of hard to ruin poutine which only require properly cooked French fries with a regular gravy and cheese curds. The fries are fine, cheese didn't melt, gravy is not a proper gravy, it tasted like soy with lots of salt and corn starch to thicken. Proper gravy for poutine is the same kind for mash potato not a clear gravy. Horrible food. This is a one time only place for me.", 1, 0], "trG8oJIN_JjKMZZAQsZXAw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/20/2017", "Hold the presses! Finally something new, interesting destination worthy! Wow! I have my son to thank for this one - as I was trying to find a place my son Jonathan and his glorious impatience caused him to walk over to the display menu and I followed him. What a great idea: taking fast food cuisines from around the world and putting them under one roof. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma sandwich (minus the opinions) - simply amazing! We shared the Poutine (spot on delicious) and the Mac-n-Cheese (nothing special here - needs more bacon bits or maybe a tastier cheese?) Jonathan ordered the Carnitas tacos but instead got the Korean braised beef - and we didn't figure it out till the end of the meal - he said they were ok but he was mostly disappointed. Steve the manager offered Jon a fresh order of Carnitas to make things right but since he was full we took a rain check - which we cashed in the following day. Day 2 Jon got his Carnitas tacos - liked them but wasn't raving about them. I got sharing food: goat cheese pizza (off the charts good - the flavors balanced remarkably well so much so that even Jonathan who never eats anything green ate about 1/2 the pie. We also took an order of Bone in wings with 3 sauces on the side (garbage sauce - was so so / pineapple territake - was my least favorite / sriracha honey - hands down favorite). The naked winks were nicely seasoned and didn't necessarily need sauce - but I did almost finish the sriracha serving. Kayla my daughter had the Chicken and Waffles (chicken was delicious - great coating nice and crispy . . . Waffles were let-go-my-eggo's sort of a disappointment being that everything else seemed to be made from scratch - maybe they were just out of batter and these were plan B . . . We shall find out at some point in the future. Last but not least they again made a mistake in our order: we had ordered poutine (yes it's that good) to share - however they never brought it. Being we were so full I went back to the counter and asked them to turn that into a tip for the staff in addition to the tip I had already given at the time I paid - note that again without hesitation they offered to make good on the mistake. I truly loved this place - despite the mis-steps. The food is truly unique and very well executed, the staff is extremely friendly and mistakes do happen especially in the early days of ramping up a restaurant - however they are very friendly and willing to fix it - what more can you ask for! Highly recommend - and will be there as often as I can now that my precious daughter is an IC student for the next four years!", 5, 2], "ldaMi_-WKjXbMmOFWDY0jw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/2/2017", "I went with a party of four hoping that there would be a diversity of things on the menu to satisfy everyone, and they did seem to enjoy their meals (poutine being the favorite). I ordered the Bao Bun which was small and stale and covered in more 'sriracha mayo' than in actual meat or vegetables. The real concern is when the chef came out and asked about our meals, I asked him if there was any dairy in the Bao and he replied with \"yeah, I mean there is is mayo in it\". Mayonnaise contains oil, egg yolk, and either vinegar or lemon juice. None of which are dairy products. Vegans, vegetarians, and those with food allergies should probably avoid this establishment because they have no idea what their ingredients are.", 2, 3], "bt037AqPp1zU_Ix7HzcoHQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "6/28/2017", "Luna was nothing short of AMAZING! Every bite we took was truly a delightful experience! We ate at the location on the Commons and the restaurant was cool and clean. 4 adults had the Bacon Smoked Gouda Mac (half), Poutine Fries (half), Baja Fish Tacos, Taco Salad, Chicken Schwarma Gyro and the Gouda Cheese fries (half) and all of it was fantastic!! Once they have a liquor license it will be 1000x better than it already is too.Chef Matt came out to check on us and our only hope is if the restaurant looks to expand they come to Quincy, MA!! Only recommendation, add a baby changing station to the bathroom. We had 2 babies with us and the station would have been a big help.Can't wait to go back!!", 5, 0], "Y8TJVuzMrme--Bgr4TJopw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "6/27/2017", "The market for East-West fusion is surprisingly wide open in Ithaca considering how diverse the local community is. Luna is unfortunately not a great addition to the scene. I've eaten there several times throughout the years and unfortunately it continues to underwhelm.Their interpretation of bao buns is a big chunk of meat covered in sauce and a big pickle. A satisfying bao bun should be bursting with shredded greens and carrots and very succulent meat that doesn't need a thick layer of sauce to tie everything together. The pho-rito is another good example of what goes wrong. Pho ingredients stuffed in a burrito can be promising, but the secret to delicious pho is the broth which enriches the meat, bean sprouts, and noodles. Without the broth (or some clever substitute) all these ingredients are bland, which is exactly what the pho-rito is. The flour tortilla also seems to be just slightly warmed from a package. With a bit of effort-- seasoned ingredients, handmade tortillas-- the pho-rito could be amazing, but they take the minimum effort route.All in all, there's a huge lack of effort that I think Luna gets away with because there's no competition. It's too bad. I'd be more generous with the stars if it were a lot cheaper, but as it stands it's very expensive for the amount and quality of food you get.The decor is cool and the people who work there are nice, so there's that.", 2, 1], "jy0JpHPSLN2RRsI_gL83LQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "6/14/2017", "Ordered delivery on recommendation of hotel desk clerk. Good quality but came 20 minutes later than promised and was cold. Deliveryman was gone in seconds without a word, notwithstanding the sizable pre-tip included in my online order.", 3, 1], "-Zvlt4b7HQNulDyUY6jCRg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "6/8/2017", "Serious food in an eclectic setting. Don't let the looks stop you from going in, once in you will be rewarded with amazing culinary treats! Love this place.", 5, 0], "0MgF5LRg7QJc9rPRP4Wo8Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/21/2017", "Please, do not lie to your customers. After two hours from ordering I called the restaurant to inquire about where the delivery was and they told me they must have received the incorrect phone number sent from GrubHub. I called the care team at GrubHub to confirm they sent the correct number I have on file and they confirmed that my number was sent correctly to the restaurant. I have ordered from this restaurant numerous times in the past and had no problem. Please, If you make a mistake admit it, don't lie and push the blame to an innocent party. I do enjoy the food at Luna, but it is not okay to lie and blame someone else for any reason, especially in business.", 1, 1], "-XV6s1xi8y7H1UembumnLg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/7/2017", "I had a disappointing first experience at Luna so I waited until my second trip there to review. In summary: overall, not good. My first trip there I waited for about a half hour for my food. I was not impressed by the food and found it fairly bland.The service was faster the second time but I still wasn't impressed with the food. The food does not live up to the descriptions on the menu nor the price you pay. I found the food to not be well seasoned and with the only flavor coming from the dressings they add. I was very disappointed as the menu is unique and has some great things I've tried during my various travels.", 3, 0], "HXF3ZVR8wS7bIAFrNrWKrg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/7/2017", "We went here for lunch on a whim and it was excellent! The menu is VERY interesting - lots of great flavors! The restaurant had nice seating. We'll definitely be back!", 5, 0], "XR66BB64rMJi9dRfAj8nQA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "5/6/2017", "This is the last time I ever order delivery from them. The Lot 10 location is horrible and they do not listen to any directions with their order. My chicken sandwich was falling apart with 4 different pieces of chicken and sauce everywhere. I tried calling the location and was on hold for 5 minutes when I decided to hang up. I cannot believe this is what passes for a $9.49 sandwich.", 1, 0], "dUBR0XGbFMTb8QNPELujjA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/28/2017", "Order delivery here if you aren't sure if you're hungry because there's only a 50% you'll get your food", 1, 1], "y4L7YBUWyzBHQ2trfLX2YA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/13/2017", "I stopped in at about 1:20am when the kitchen was closing, but the staff still was willing to feed me. I was just in the mood for food and wasn't expecting much, but the boneless chicken in Garbage sauce was honestly so much better than I was expecting. The chicken was cooked so well and was deliciously juicy. It was not at all the dry meat I generally come to expect at this time of night at other places.", 5, 0], "TqG_4d0VByCmecQPF8toeQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/7/2017", "Spending my Friday night studying and I missed dining hall hours so I decided to order the Taco Salad and Smoked Gouda Mac n' Cheese from here. I was worried that the flavor profile would be different than what I am used to, however, I was pleasantly surprised! The delivery driver was very friendly and the food was very fresh and tasty. The portion sizes were also very big! Absolutely no complaints! Best food I've had in Ithaca!", 5, 3], "goQGhAN9a1I2p1rsQgD1Uw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/30/2017", "Delivery is a problem. eat-in or pickup should be fine and they prepare good stuff. but a couple of delivery experiences in and I'm done with them as a delivery. Wait a reasonable time. Then call, and the answer is that it just left or \"is leaving now\". More than once. So shame on me.They admonished me for using a third-party online delivery order system once by stapling a \"you are killing the local\" flyer on the delivery. I have used their system since then- can't say I have had a better customer experience using their preferred app.", 2, 0], "-MVpNkiI2LZSk_vsGv3aZw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/24/2017", "Quite possibly the slowest restaurant I have ever been too. I genuinely could have walked to the closet grocery store, bought everything needed to make my meal, walked back, cooked it and ate it in the time it took me to get my food. It is mind boggling how a restaurants service can be this slow. I will never look at this place again let alone eat here. Ps. The food is okay.", 1, 4], "DrqLGUyg-JN2tMyCfrfZ1Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/25/2017", "I wanted to like this place so badly. The ambience, decor, music all fit with the food truck aspect they are aiming for very well. The guys working there were all really nice and helpful. The menu looked great and it was hard to pick what to order which is always good. We tried the smoked Gouda Mac n cheese, Gouda fries, Baja fish tacos, bang bang tacos and garlic knots. The presentation was great and all the food looked awesome when it came out. However, so close yet so far. The Baja fish tacos were freezing cold so I'm assuming that must have been intentional. I've never had cold fish tacos before--which I guess I still haven't, because I kid you not it was all slaw and no fish. I'm not someone who demands big portions either, it was just odd. Mac n cheese was bland, fries were decent, garlic knots below average however the bang bang tacos were good. Two mini tacos for $7.49 is bizarre though. The portions for a half order of fries and a half order of Mac n cheese were really really big, a generous size for the price. Again I wanted to like this place so bad, definitely a lot of potential it just didn't come together for me.", 2, 1], "GaHD0mkRQ2m5HH-PJ0UmGQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/24/2017", "I used to order from Luna's regularly, their food is very good. I ordered from them about a month ago and ended up canceling my order within minutes due to them being unable to deliver because of the weather. I realized about a week later that I never received a refund. I called them 4 times total over the course of a month leaving my information each time, and each time being assured that my refund was on its way. I called today and immediately asked to speak to the owner, i was told by the man I spoke to that he has gotten notes from his employees several times with my information but \"notes are meaningless to me\". He explained that he had just processed my refund earlier today and it was a huge coincidence that I happened to call. A few minutes later I got an email conformation saying that my refund has just been submitted. So if those notes are meaningless how did you already refund me before I called? Not only did he ignore my messages but he lied to me about having already refunding my money. Now I will have to wait up to 10 days for my refund to process. Food quality isn't everything Luna, work on your customer service.", 1, 0], "sdo0jD8DQMzDJ2ZG9IeN-g": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/20/2017", "I am a vegetarian and I learned about Luna through the Vegan Meetup group. Their sweet potato tacos are my favorite and their taco salad is pretty fantastic as well! The atmosphere is not good so I always take my food to go!", 5, 2], "VaU_NcZMRE63GWHkiIY-Rg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/3/2017", "Great food! I am very impressed as a vegetarian with the food options, including buffalo tofu wings with ranch dressing (so good!) The fried cookie dessert was awesome too! Not too expensive either :)", 4, 0], "3-eKB2obHdhdettMDzT66g": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "1/27/2017", "My boyfriend and I order pick up/delivery from Luna in collegetown on just about a weekly basis. The quality of service, both customer and food, has always been pretty good/decent. There have been random slip ups with our food but we attributed that to the overwhelming calls and orders from students, and we get that quality can sometimes suffer. What shouldn't suffer is customer service and that's why this is a 2-star review. We recently, as in this evening, just ordered pick up from the LOT 10 location and it was probably one of the worst customer service experiences we've had locally. The guy working was nothing but rude when my boyfriend went to pick up the order. First, the guy went to charge him and we already paid online, so he demanded to see a confirmation number. You would think this would be a totally reasonable request, however the guy's tone was really unprofessional and off putting. When my boyfriend goes to look up the email to show him, the guy aggressively says, \"I didn't even know we did online orders at this location...just write it down, I don't need to see it, write it down, I need to know so I can to put it in the system\". As my boyfriend goes to write down the confirmation number, the guy then snaps at him, \"just forget it, take it, just go\". I don't know where this person came from but he needs to go home or find some customer service skills. Everyone has bad days but this was flat out unacceptable. Life's too short, don't be a d**k.", 2, 0], "_BQ9C_tdioJYBfg623jD6Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "1/5/2017", "I had one bad experience here when my food got soggy after sitting for a while when no one called me up, but they offered me replacement and I've loved it ever since. The Korean beef tacos and poutine are my favorite. So flavorful and delicious!!!", 5, 2], "QFV46mC1RTUUfvoGc6BnUA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/23/2016", "I love this place, having eaten dinner here numerous times. My favorites have been the shortrib chili, with great dried chili flavor and nice tender meat, and the chicken wings, crispy, with lots of great flavor options. My daughter loves the incredibly rich smoked mac & cheese. We've also had decent salad, fun asian buns, and solid vegan tacos. I don't think you can go wrong here, especially considering local and vegan options. Delicious, fun, well-priced.", 4, 0], "K5c9O1UamWHMF-Mv4MNC8A": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/5/2016", "Horrible delivery service. 1.5hr wait, no ranch sauce for wings, no silverware and napkins although it was requested.", 1, 1], "YuUsMAhj5WK0G-VCTYw_2Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/2/2016", "I will second everything said in previous reviews. Luna has good, eclectic, localish food for a variety of diets. The food is (in general) delicious and fresh. The best deals based on portions are the salads (Chx Shawarma is excellent) and the cheese pizza. What I really like is their commitment to recyclable carry out materials. I've stopped patronizing restaurants with bad to-go containers, so this place is on my regular list.", 4, 0], "scD7DkKZgERytRXCvpMl6g": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/30/2016", "This place is great for those who eat animals, and for those who don't. I like the creative things they do here! The chefs have carefully crafted some really tasty foods, like the sweet potato kale tacos. Boom! So good! There is a vegetarian menu with even vegan options. When i had a problem with my order management fixed the situation and made sure I was happy with the place.Happy hour 4-6 1/2 price tacos? You can't beat that! Such specials have me not just coming in during those times, but appreciating the place in the evening (even late late night too).", 5, 3], "rTkML_RxseJbB7MTKslqng": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/23/2016", "Garbage never tasted so good.As a huge fanatic of fried chicken coming from the south, it's one thing that's very hard to find done right. Up until visiting, Wings over held the best wings (in my limited food experience here) imo, but after the legal issues they're having I can't get it anymore.The garbage sauce is some crazy concoction of all of their seasonings which combined, and it hits something that's amazingly good, like a thousand island dressing but with more zip. Definitely something uniquely Ithaca as far as I can tell, and needless to say, I will be back.If price is an issue (it seemed pretty average/reasonable to me), go during lunch. I was literally the only customer eating there. I think wings + fries were $11. Can't comment about the other menu items, but they should really consider using the garbage sauce on more of their menu options. If you do get wings, I'd recommend putting the sauce on the side since it can get a bit overwhelming, and the last few bites aren't as crunchy.", 4, 0], "zK6dGdSVNorRaclCc9wwfA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/18/2016", "I have ordered from here twice both times it took over 1.5 hours get have my food delivered. I've called them to ask for clarification of where my food was and they couldn't even tell me if my food had been made, was out for delivery or was still being cooked! Additionally the delivery driver was incompetent and rude calling and saying \"I can't find it\" but not giving any indication of where they were or what was around them. Additionally the food is pretty mediocre and quite overpriced for the portion size.", 1, 1], "Xfrgq3IJ2xMheqYsGrq3jw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/17/2016", "Haven't eaten inside Luna's before but this review is about their delivery. Our order of wings and poutine took an hour. When they got here, we couldn't even distinguish between the two different sauces on our wings...because there was essentially no sauce on them. Poutine was also cold and soggy, had no gravy, and just basically had melted cheese on it :( Maybe eating in has better food?", 2, 1], "8kSrea_Rp8R2Z9mW_0kigg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "10/7/2016", "The lot 10 location is my new favorite late night french fry spot, everything else i have had there is great.", 5, 0], "9A0j8asPUa9Ttk0bCJfFmg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/27/2016", "I won a certificate on the radio, and figured I'd try this place. I got the BBQ short rib Mac and Cheese, and an Indian spiced chicken gyro. Gyro was good, but I'd definitely ask for extra tzatziki sauce. The larger Mac and cheese is the best value, and was very good! I really appreciated how they made everything to order, even chopping up the veggies. Very nice employees, and I'd like to go back and try some other stuff they have. I do have to admit though I have a feeling that some items you probably don't get a lot for the money", 5, 2], "ksOD7Sci-6drvhvEsCv5Ag": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/23/2016", "As so many reviews here have indicated, the prices here are very high for such small portions. The demographic may be targeted at wealthy Cornell students who can afford eating at these prices.Having said that, I've tried nearly everything on the menu. The tacos are small but delicious. I like the salads a lot. The pizza is adequate, but nothing special in my opinion. The Only Burger is delicious, but very small. The Mac & Cheese is very good, and I especially enjoyed BBQ Shortrib Mac Sandwich. I didn't really care for the standard fries, but the duck fat fries are better. I found the poutine disappointing. My daughter loves the fried oreos. I think the wings are some of the best I've had in town. I especially like the garbage sauce.Overall the menu is extensive and very creative, and it changes often. They seem to use high quality ingredients, but I believe there may be an issue at times with quality control, as sometimes items are hit or miss.They have a phone app which is not only convenient, it will save you some time ordering if there is a long line.Generally the staff is very friendly, and the service is good. It may take a while to get your food, however. We always called (or apped) in our order ahead of time to save on the wait. However, they often missed the special instructions we'd include with our orders.", 4, 5], "UrAVYBEz3LcD8Bg7JAXgHg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/13/2016", "The food is nothing special. Price is unjustifiably high. If you have your typical food truck experience (tasty anf sometimes creative food at a reasonable price) in mind going in, you will be disappointed.", 2, 2], "rhiynv7hY9GdnlJlt5hYZA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "4/1/2016", "Tasty but super expensive for the amount of food. $3.50 for a bottle of iced tea? $10 for a sandwich? Not truck or street food prices. Overpriced by any standard.", 2, 4], "ljRSXWz2srEdZU-4bnYaiA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/24/2016", "I would give this place zero stars if I could. Without exaggeration, the worst food I've had in Ithaca. The food actually makes me feel angry. We ordered the short rib tacos, chicken quesadillas and the ramen. The ramen was limp, like it had been boiled for hours. The broth was bland and weirdly sour. The short rib tacos were way too sour and the chicken quesadillas tasted like salty rubber. I would never go there again.", 1, 2], "FhjU4Rm6aagBRYR1RaCQEg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/23/2016", "Tried the pizza and poutine one night and were both delicious. Now, after seeing all the other goodies on the menu, I'll definitely be a repeat customer!", 5, 0], "JpfNGXirqufPaJbjzmCd8Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/23/2016", "So sad to have to say this because I used to really respect and like this place. I ordered vegetarian tacos from this place tonight and they sent me meat tacos instead. They were completely insensitive on the phone and refused to give me my money back. Instead they sent me new tacos which took over an hour to arrive. And I had to throw out the meat tacos which I could not eat and knew would make me sick but also felt horrible about contributing to animal waste. This was a completely mortifying experience for me. I will never order from this restaurant again.", 1, 3], "xndO_cOZeyh67_ybY3ybOQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/13/2016", "This is a pretty average place. Small portions at high prices. I went here closer to when they opened and the same issues existed. But gave them a break as they were new. Returned recently and its still not good enough. They claim that the prices are high as they use \"local, organic ingredients\". No offense but that is a bunch of bull if they cannot put out a quality product. I'm glad the food is organic but a 3-bite taco for $6 is just dumb. And the meat is salty and chewy. $4 for a slice of pizza....and the toppings are scarce. Their pork belly bao bun is really good but you need to search for the pork belly in the bun. And you need 4 to fill up at $5 each. Its kinda sad as the taste is solid.Bottom line - You can easily spend $15 and walk out looking to buy a snack somewhere else. Their high prices are not due to \"high\" quality. They are due to the fact that they need some basic f&b training.", 2, 2], "eRlDLVwACJZDnr6TYCpkcQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/6/2016", "VEGETARIANS/VEGANS BEWARE THE TOFU WINGSI was taken aback by the fact that all of the sauces have animal product in them. I am vegan and was asking for clarification regarding the ingredients in the sauces. They told me that even if the sauces did not have dairy in them, they were not vegan because they use a pork(?) or chicken (?) glaze as a base. I told them that they should probably mark that especially for the tofu wings which they mark as the vegetarian wing option WITHOUT HAVING A VEGETARIAN SAUCE OPTION. when i brought it up it almost felt like they were getting defensive. this I found to be the oddest part. Its okay if the sauces all have meat in them but people just want to know so they can make the choice not to eat it. If you don't mark your sauces as having a meat base, especially when using them to provide a vegetarian option (??) its going to bother people.", 1, 5], "JDbp-tpAJXZ4ZfXfoALkrw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "3/1/2016", "I've been in twice now. the only positive thing I can say is that the duck fat fries are great! but I will be honest, everything I have had from here has been near inedible. if you like drinking soy sauce this is the place for you! the kitchen they have in lot 10 is a cute open faced kitchen. the appeal of an open faced kitchen is so the restaurant can sport the culinary ability's of there line cooks. hard to do when you're line cook has no culinary ability. very very disappointed.", 1, 1], "5ti2yENN4gCaOHXeFD5Z5w": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/29/2016", "The pork belly bun was delicious but the service really sucks. Need to think about whether it's worth going for the 2nd time:(", 3, 2], "MJn7gOnelMa_aoipdIR-RQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/29/2016", "The thai chicken salad is AMAZING. friendly staff, awesome prices for the portion you get", 5, 0], "zPUe_YOzbdF2-Wu41kaxuw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/20/2016", "Luna has the best good in Ithaca. It is very reasonably priced, and there is not a bad thing on the menu. The combinations of ingredients and flavors is spot-on. Nothing is normal restaurant food, but everything is fantastic. They have dishes that are asian-inspired, South American-inspired, vegetarian, etc. Even their plain pizza is gourmet! You have to check it out!", 5, 0], "ZUHoYayj1ppq73UKT8crWA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "2/16/2016", "I love the idea of this place, and love me some fish tacos. I like these tacos so much, I don't even mind being immersed in the naive youth (no offense Cornell students, because I LOVE and appreciate the booming culture and economy you bring to my town. I am just old compared to millennials). Anyways, fish tacos, five in my book.", 5, 3], "0OqnpGt8OvGx9YYSW1gSxg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "1/31/2016", "Usually Luna is great, but I was very disappointed last time I ordered the wings. They were small, dry and overcooked. I'll order from Luna again, but I hope this doesn't happen again.", 2, 1], "ujrWV7iH8LOeh-OuMLH0Rw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "1/25/2016", "I've heard great things, but I was sorely disappointed. I bought 3 tacos at the Stewart Ave location - Carnitas, Chorizo, and Cornell Chicken - and I couldn't tell them apart. All the meat was the same consistency and flavor. I referenced the menu to try to figure out which was which and nothing matched up. The carnitas was supposed to have aioli and shaved radish, but I had a taco with sour cream and sliced carrots. There was pineapple on one so I assumed it was the chicken, but it was missing the pickled onions and beans. Nothing looked like ground chorizo and none had any cheese. The tortillas were so oily they were drippy and disintegrated when I picked them up. What a mess. Add to all that, the counter guy touched the food more than half a dozen times with his bare hands while preparing it, in between using the register and answering the phone, while a box of gloves sat untouched. There is no excuse for a blatant lack of food safety and hygiene.", 2, 2], "vzHw-TP9M1w0NdbVTsLodw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "12/10/2015", "Was very excited after reading other reviews... While the ambience was neat, the menu written on the wall was overwhelming. Looking over that fact, the menu sounded interesting and eccentric. We ordered \"only burgers\" and the \"duck fat fries,\" after waiting for a longer amount of time than we should have, being the only people in the place, I'd have to say we were less than impressed. We received slider sized burgers that were the price of regular burgers at any other restaurant, the toppings just didn't mix. As for the duck fat fries, the taste of the fries were mediocre, the texture being on the soggy side. The redeeming feature of the meal however, was the chipotle dipping sauce that came with the fries. Mediocre, not sure I'd go for another try.*alexis", 2, 1], "rJ6JQFTdaZUrCbA8DSRHmg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "11/24/2015", "They delivered to our hotel, pretty quick too. Duck bacon wontons were incredible. All three tacos were good, but I wanted at least 12 more Korean BBQ tacos. Overall, the flavors are complex and balance each other well. Well done sir, well done.", 5, 2], "c6T4K96uGLSV8icmRyDHBg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "11/8/2015", "This is a pretty awesome experience. Located in college town, in the back of Lot 10 is a \"food window\" serving a variety of street inspired foods from across the world - a most excellent menu! A little on the pricey side but the quality is Smoked Gouda Mac: to die for. I am extremely choosy about my mac n' cheese and this one exceeded my expectations!Taco Salad: rather awesome with a nice kick! Greens, cilantro lime rice, blacks beans, smokey salsa, cotja cheese and more!Chicken Shawarma Bowl: moist tasty grilled chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, atop greens and triangles of naan bread, and a very tasty tzatziki sauce and lemon oil. There was ONE guy taking orders AND cooking - he did an awesome job!Would come here again and again. Amazing food, reasonably priced.", 5, 5], "HfH29CAz3zcYEDcYs4MI8Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "11/6/2015", "The poutine is delicious greasy food that delivers when you're really hungry, and the pork belly bao buns have a nice balance of bun, pickle, meat and sauce. I also had a bite of a fish taco, which almost justified its steep $5 price tag. I'd definitely go back for taco Tuesday. I'd say the prices are just a little steep, but given the convenience and the fact that similar food is not easily available in Ithaca, I think it's mostly worth it.", 5, 0], "BYecLEWGbv8KsQgEqccrsg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/21/2015", "I am in town for a week for work and am SUPER over room service so decided I'd try Luna and am so glad I did. I made my food choices simply based on the reviews and had it delivered. The pork belly bao bun was on point, great sauce with the perfect ratio of pork to veggies. Also, got the garlic knots out of impulse and it came with a great meat sauce and I'll need to brush my teeth like 5 times tonight. Lastly, I got the mac and cheese and the portion was HUGE, enough for a couple people and it was delicious, the crispy bacon was perfect and not too salty it absolutely made this mac and cheese. The service was great too - I ordered online, they emailed and texted me when my order was confirmed, called me when they were on there way here, when they arrived, and texted me after saying thanks for the order! Check out Luna for some good grub!!", 4, 0], "tKKYkBOCk1F0-7pr_hM07A": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/12/2015", "Great food! I had the wontons, garlic knots and pork bau bun. All were great tasting. This is not a sit down restaurant. College atmosphere but not too rowdy. Great staff and service. Highly recommend for a quick snack to satisfy your food truck craving!", 4, 0], "uGytvaLYq5CeXJ9A9lBLIg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "9/7/2015", "I was so excited to try Luna because the food in Collegetown is for the most part gross and boring. My boyfriend and I ordered delivery and since the plates are very small we decided to try a bit of everything because why not. We had the pork bad bun which was DELICIOUS (if you're used to more traditional pork buns, the bun was a bit of a different texture here but still so delicious so we didn't mind). We also had the short rib taco which had the potential to be great but it was just too salty. We also had the cornell chicken quesadilla which my boyfriend loved, which was served with what seemed like a roasted tomato salsa. I thought that was great! We also tried pizza and wings because WHY NOT? As someone who is on the eternal quest for good NY pizza in Ithaca, I was so hoping the quest would be over with Luna pizza. Unfortunately the bottom of the pizza was burnt. But even so, I still think this is some of the best pizza I've had here. So close, Luna!!! The wings were fine, definitely go with buffalo. All in all, definitely a place to check out in CTown. They are probably one the best delivery places here so go for gold!", 4, 0], "0u5ppBGWTeqwRxY0DKevCQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "8/15/2015", "Something for everyone, and the food was great street food. We did take-out, so I can't comment on the building, but it was all really tasty, and it was all devoured. The food truck thing is trendy right now, but when it's done right, you can see why it's so popular. The fries are good, the pork belly bao is good. Get a couple small things and try everything!", 5, 2], "d4iJKSekotDAATZcGztFkg": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "8/2/2015", "My boyfriend and I ordered from here the other night. We ordered the poutine, a phillysteak and cheese sandwich, and gouda mac and cheese. Overall it had it's ups and downs, but overall good.I didn't care for the poutine. It wasn't bad it just isn't something I'd go out of my way to order again. The fries were good, but I wasn't a fan of the flavor of the gravy. I wish it were a bit thicker so that it didn't all seep to the bottom. And since I am a cheese lover I wish I could have gotten more mozzarella on it. Portion wise it was plentiful and filled me up before I could even finish half of it. I'd rather they make the portion smaller and add more of the cheese. I wonder if they'd be willing to do that per request...The phillysteak and cheese sandwich was really good, the boyfriend just wishes it were bigger for the price. When he orders sandwiches he tends to go light on sides since sandwiches alone tend to fill him up. It didn't really fill him up and he is a light eater for a 6 ft guy. If it were a bit bigger it'd be perfect.And I ordered the gouda mac and cheese for leftovers for the following day but I tried some before I put it away for the night and it was really good. I'd order it again.The downside to our experience was that we ordered online and they somehow missed our order. After an hour and a half I called. They apologized and delivered our food promptly and on the house! They redeemed themselves with the eagerness to make it right.I'd order from them again. They have a fun variety of food on the menu. Just don't forget me again!", 4, 0], "ihzrY02FCtwpzS92zxDmhQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/31/2015", "Amazing, delicious, inventive food. Just the shot in the arm that Collegetown needs. I ordered for delivery, so I haven't been to the actual location yet, but the food arrived with amazing quickness and was still hot and fresh. I tried the pork belly bao bun and the duck bacon wonton. These are some really interesting, tasty takes on dishes, and every flavor was SPOT-ON. The wonton had some Mexican flavors in it--sour cream along with cream cheese, corn, etc, and the pork belly was made to perfection, with just the right amount of sauce and freshness. I am so excited to keep coming here and trying more and more items off of their extensive, diverse, and creative menu. The only downside is that the price is slightly high for the amount of food you get--but the quality is WORTH IT. Compared to other food I've had in Ithaca, I'll gladly pay a few bucks more to get my hands on this fresh and outstanding food!", 5, 4], "66MNqHaLrdQcUwtiWDuZVQ": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/31/2015", "Went to Luna on opening night, and almost every day since. Every single thing I've had--tacos, duck fat fries, sticky bun, fried oreos, house salad, duck bacon wontons--has been exceptional. Two dishes stand out. The Only Burger, with its blend of chorizo and ground beef and topped with a fried egg, is like eating breakfast and dinner at the same time. It's only fault is that it is a slider, and I could easily devour four of them! The gouda mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese I've ever had.Great service (they're still getting their timing down), a fun and convenient location, and outstanding food. Go to Luna!", 5, 0], "wncHdmkHBL8hH0cg83F3Xw": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/31/2015", "Good food with high prices. I paid $9 for two tacos and was quite disappointed at the portions. The Korean Short Rib Taco was $4 and came with one large hunk of meat that tasted and looked like pot roast. Otherwise it was a tasty taco! The other one was the $5 Baja Fish Taco and was tasty also, but in the end $9 for 4 bites of food seems hardly worth it!!", 3, 2], "8uPujWaFLGcxoI1CxMX9LA": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food Collegetown", "7/23/2015", "Luna totally met all my expectations. -Food was great! Fresh ingredients & timely (Pork Belly Pizza and House Salad)-Staff was friendly and excited about the food as well as being there. -Enjoyed the food (and a local beer!) at Loco", 5, 4]}
{"0_KbBsPH9DANU7RWX0Fmag": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/27/2019", "I came here for brunch on a weekday and there was no wait. I ordered the corned beef hash, which basically was from the can. This place seems where the townies go. Its pretty cheap, but you pay for the quality. It is still better than Dennys.", 3, 0], "Qs-LQcTiEfuBI7nLYgO7eQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/21/2019", "Great place all homemade items service excellent all locals were there. Worth a visit!", 5, 0], "k-5CDmiUVVBbSOYzlNaQ9w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/21/2019", "The restaurant is very small so every time I've been, there has been a wait. Usually there is 1 guy (owner?) behind the counter impressively cooking all of the food and 1-2 rather mediocre servers assisting him. If you need anything (more water/coffee, a napkin, ketchup, etc) it's going to take a while. If you're not in a rush and looking for okay diner food then give Lincoln Street Diner a shot. *** They have a $10 limit on credit cards and only accept cash tips so make sure you have cash on you regardless!", 3, 0], "lD0u2VAetFcM9pzSDsBDfQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "12/13/2018", "I like comfort food in a road house/greasy spoon context - for breakfast. If you don't, go to Denny's. The eggs tasted like they were fried in butter and the home fries were actually brown and crisp (again, not Denny's). Service was excellent - from an energetic and efficient tattooed young woman (Ithaca ambiance) who deserves her tips. Prices are inexpensive. Me likey.", 4, 1], "nJpie0ACrAEd8Lq6hjHxgw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/17/2018", "Excellent greasy spoon diner. No frills just well executed diner food. It 'aint rocket science but if you're unhappy you can't deliver a proper meal. The owner (I think) was manning the grill while I sat at the counter. We shot the shit and his demeanor (open, kind, funny, acerbic) came through in my poached and hash. Asked for a grilled corn muffin with a ton of butter and he didn't bat an eyelash, just plunked down about 3 tbsp of butter with the muffin and then ribbed me when I didn't finish. That's a diner! Perfect.", 4, 2], "J1daHph3V-BcbceSl0ZeQA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/17/2018", "This is a hidden gem in Ithaca. Had the sausage gravy home fries, with eggs, bacon and toast. Probably the best breakfast I have had. The sausage gravy home fries were especially tasty. Pancakes were pretty good as well. Will definitely be back.", 5, 2], "10tvNRcFhP3a3FxaVVcKyQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/23/2018", "The FRESHEST scrambled eggs ever! And TASTY home fries too. I was at the counter for breakfast- did you ever see a napkin dispenser with EYES! He was so happy to see me make a mess he spit out a napkin from his mouth! I think he winked at me too!", 5, 7], "VequKnEb4w1_Qq9feKVX9A": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/10/2018", "The place is small. Very small. Very popular. The food is good, solid, no complaints about our collective breakfasts, however, I was shocked that the coffee was not good. Even a fresh pot did not rectify the weird tasting brown water that tried to be a fresh brewed treat. I expect any highly rated diner to have good coffee. I really give 3.5 stars for the food, because it was fine, but the coffee brings this review to a 2. If we return, I will have a soda. Also, we had soup spoons with the coffee, which was odd, but did not impact the review.", 2, 1], "BFJXmAa_3vCG3o-m8k8Pvg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/24/2018", "A small local diner in the best sense of the word. Breakfast and lunch only. Daily lunch specials well prepared. Only 6 or so tables and some counter space so it does get packed at peak times. Great place to meet a friend for a bite or for breakfast time meeting for up to 4 people. Been going here for 30 years and never been disappointed. Decent coffee, decent food and good people. We need more places like this in our lives.", 5, 3], "p2He1oQAJ7gBNLN-LrI6gA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/7/2018", "Food was really good. Basic diner food. Eggs were cooked how I asked and sausage looked real not frozen round patties. Meatloaf was really good too. This is a tiny place though and not wheelchair accessible.", 5, 1], "Gs4o1G5oM001xmIq73FvJQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/24/2018", "Fantastic diner! Everyone turned around and said hello when we walked at 630am. including the other customers. Coffee arrives Immedjately, great American breakfast.", 5, 2], "WOEj8iyGyeiKuzjPR3fdKg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/14/2018", "Nothing special here! Food is ok, service ok. Great neighborhood eatery but don't go out of your way.", 2, 2], "uF6DWYKgWcSJ0waloDmqGw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/17/2018", "Best diner in Ithaca. Amazing Cajun sausage gravy. Great french toast. Friendly staff", 5, 2], "oPHZxP0HsD-AxWI8IvMJrQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/15/2018", "My favorite greasy spoon serving homemade breakfast and lunch. Especially love the Cajun gravy available only on Saturdays. Expect to wait as it's small and very popular. Just wish they were open on Sundays.", 5, 0], "0vNW_8wCV2gpJn59L5vdtQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "12/16/2017", "So superb it makes me cry. I love their food it is so spectacular, except for the fact that there was only four tables and it is incredibly packed! But it was a great experience, except for this fact. The bathrooms were also disgusting, so I recommend going before you leave.", 4, 1], "PPfFT-MgHG_9ORwHD8zBdw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/14/2017", "Cute little hole in the wall breakfast joint. No frill diner food. Super tasty. Fast service. Low price. Everything you could possibly want from a diner breakfast. The corn beef hash was great.", 5, 1], "Y_fnCigPUmCFPVIVNiPIzQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/11/2017", "Love this tiny breakfast spot - the owners are extremely nice/friendly and it's walking distance from the beautiful Ithaca Falls. Love the pancakes, cheddar biscuits, and the Ziffy", 5, 2], "qrIBCqz3Vo44SmzM2etlJQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/20/2017", "It's a tiny diner near Ithaca falls. I was looking for a happy breakfast and this place was perfect. It was cozy and friendly. I ended the brunch reading at the Ithaca falls natural area which is a block away. Will go again.", 5, 1], "O1k1MsrkoXtkhFCtWvvY5Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/2/2017", "Get the sausage gravy! Classic, no-frills, just plain delicious, greasy-spoon, diner food. We went for breakfast and loved it! Be prepared to wait for a table.. this small and out of the way location is a favorite among the locals...it fills up fast. Oh- and did I mention the sausage gravy? Definitely get the gravy:).", 4, 0], "ZrKoyPICqagHcl4MgoAaXg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/25/2017", "6 of us came here for breakfast on Monday. The place was busy but they managed to accommodate us comfortably. The waitress was an angel. She was so sweet and humble. You could tell that it's an old school diner, most of the people looked like regulars. All our orders came out tasty and fast. They also have parking on the back.", 4, 1], "YiCjgPSFhjuUOrGBaf1YpQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/25/2017", "Local favorite. Small & not where you would expect it, but our breakfast was delicious. Coffee was strong just how it was intended to be!!", 5, 0], "QvqKQUPNEL3SA4EwsQs2Sg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/2/2017", "So I pass all other breakfast places from Hilton garden inn to go to this diner because of the good yelp reviews. I promptly seated in this 20 seat at most diner at a 4 seat table at 11:10am one waitress promptly brings me coffee and ask tells me about the lunch specials. I tell her I drove here for breakfast thank you she asks if it only me I say yesThen she says your waitress will come to take your order. Well first things first are you the only one ? I say yes. Well then if it gets busy in here I may have to move you ? She points to the bar stool at the counter. If I wanted to sit at the counter I would have #2 I was seated by another waitress I told her I would just drink the coffee the previous waitress bought me because a move any move while I was eating would not be acceptable She announces to entire cooking staff and restaurant because it is so small \"she only wants coffee\" I wanted a full breakfast until I was told she may have to move me IMAGINE THATThe waitress who bought me my coffee and an oj I ordered looked stunned because I told her I was ordering breakfast she hurried over to me and offered her apology and said I know this is your first time I'm so so sorry I will tell my colleagues not to visit there you may get moved while eatingToo bad for the small businesses that the staff is not trained better in how to say it", 1, 1], "SVrHWuMAZ78Jx5gUEMEM5w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/22/2017", "I loved this place. The staff was friendly, the food was good and the prices were very fair. This diner isn't a place you go to for luxury. It's a place you go to to be in proximity with locals and to get a good meal.", 5, 1], "1qLHuIiAlpz5MPWNICRAyQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/22/2017", "Awesome local diner in Fall Creek. Reliably good, unpretentious, and cheap eats. Loved the Cajun Special: fried potatoes and a cheddar biscuit drenched in a Cajun sausage gravy ($6.75). Best of all, Lincoln Street diner has loads of character, something\u200b sorely lacking in Ithaca restaurants.", 5, 1], "VS8G1A9_YkLhhTdOgg37-A": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/28/2017", "Small, not well maintained. Slow turnover on tables and food service. Food was plain and boring. If you like college kids and want to see them hang out - go here", 2, 4], "lScMn9YJu5-urtPIwage9A": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/8/2016", "I really like having the Bickering Twins Tuesday night dinners happen at the diner. It is great to have the diner used at night. I really appreciate the vegetarian options.", 5, 2], "4P7RZipnXfGao3_RWTMHsQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/19/2016", "Lovely diner, awesome food and the best service ever... Stopped by on a lazy afternoon for brunch and thoroughly enjoyed the food...The folks here were super friendly and offered us some great tips for places to go to I the vicinity...", 5, 3], "x7_uPeLKFthQveZcxj379Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/16/2016", "Great little diner.Service promptBreakfast hot and very good sausage gravyFriendly place", 5, 3], "VgEAan-slO4YmAhIgl6IVw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/15/2016", "Came here with family while we were camping and WOW! We all ordered the ziffy omelet...3 of us got it with sausage gravy. This was hands down the best omelet I've ever had! I highly recommend it with the sausage gravy. The staff was also very friendly and made us feel welcome.", 5, 2], "ySV3FgIx0MDmIJbLasCSLg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/30/2016", "Just in town for a wedding and needed a place to grab some breakfast. This is a great diner! Friendly staff, good food, reasonable prices. Highly recommend!", 5, 3], "yyG105NMelE3-AXOgO1T1Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/21/2016", "Good food but man did we get sick afterwards. Both my husband and I were in the toilet within 30 minutes of eating. Don't think it was bad food, just so greasy. We're very healthy eaters normally. Great service. Good ole greasy spoon quality food.", 3, 3], "LFglt5o7XGVhSSKTR_XYhQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/24/2016", "Small place but we were still able to get a seat without a problem. Nice people and great, cheap food. I only wish I got scrambled eggs on my egg sandwich but that's my problem, not theirs. They ring you up at the counter but don't give you a receipt so tipping is something you'll have to figure out on your own.", 5, 1], "3mGnl16TGTUBnYZ10kS5Jw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/17/2016", "This is a \"hole in the wall,\" very small, idiosyncratic diner.We live on the outskirts of Ithaca so we don't get in here very regularly, but when we do, we've never had a bad experience. The kids and whole family enjoy the old-timey, locally-run, dive atmosphere. The food is cheap and adequate, and some of the items are truly yummy.The staff always seems friendly and down-to-earth. One of the regular waitresses is sometimes a bit \"brusque,\" but I think she means well.They have some weird rules about when they serve certain foods because of the way they manage their griddle. Also, no tipping with cash, and a minimum $10 tab to use a credit card.I give this place 5 stars because it is a local, very small business seemingly doing right by their customers.", 5, 2], "JKVddGJP5wk2Yz7-HaqYKQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/31/2016", "I am not sure where did all this angry reviews come from, but this is the best place in Ithaca you can get breakfast and brunch. Where else could you go, in this middle of no where. This is a small restaurant. You can't expect them to react instantly when it's full of people. I would definitely recommend this place for brunch. Great food, great price, and nice people.", 5, 3], "uARdTFkR8csd_WxutJpOpg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/22/2015", "Only thing good about this place was the coffee and the nice guy that served the coffee, who wasn't even supposed to. Our waitress saw us sit down, looked us straight in the eyes a million times when we were ready to order, and decided to just ignore us for 15-20 minutes and serve the people she already knew in town, who came in after us. But even with bad service, usually the food makes up for it. Not here.If you're looking for a traditional diner, especially if you're visiting from Jersey, you'll be extremely disappointed. Never knew someone could mess up a simple omelette and home fries, but this place did. Do yourself a favor and skip this one.", 1, 5], "vwkfZroUmFYNhAK8wL0n6g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/25/2015", "The worst place ever! Don't go there. Don't ever go there. Freaking rude people. No service at all. We sat there for 15 minutes and no one came over. And they saw us sitting there. It was my husband's birthday and they ruined it perfectly.", 1, 5], "BMyBFs7GggFBOmPFJk5wTg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/5/2015", "i first heard about this diner about 6 months ago when i was working a job in ithaca, and i heard good things. i set my alarm early a few times so i could try and go in before work, but as i woke up i decided that i'd rather sleep, so you could literally say i slept on going here. well i was back in town recently and made it a priority to go for breakfast while i wasn't rushed for work, and that was a good plan because you definitely do NOT want to come here if you're in a rush! i walked in and every table was full. scratch that, i couldn't even walk in when i got there because there was a line of people in front of the door! i snuck in as someone came out though and observed how things worked. one table soon got up and 4 people sat down and took it before the waitress could even clear the plates. duly noted. as soon as i saw a spot at the counter open up i rushed over to snag it. i took a look at the menu and made my decision. i always judge a diner by their pancakes, so a short stack was crucial, as are home fries, so i got the cajun special which was a cheese biscuit covered in cajun sausage gravy and a side of home fries. i also got a side of bacon. now when you sit at the counter you get to see all the kitchen chaos. they had an old timer working the griddle (which was way too small for this place), along with one or 2 other guys walking around, and 2 waitresses. this place needs at least one more waitress because the 2 working were really overworked and flustered. i watched the cook (who didn't wear a hat or hair net or gloves) make order after order and then i saw a short stack and bacon come up. after sitting there for at least 5 minutes one waitress finally brought them over to me, only half of my meal, and no silverware. i had to wait another few minutes until i could someone's attention for utensils. the pancakes were ok, they looked a little sloppy but they were cooked all the way though. they were on the thin side and didn't have much flavor, the pancakes at State Diner are much better. the bacon was also just ok. it wasn't bad really but again the bacon at State Diner is cooked fresh to order where as here they had a big pan of bacon pre cooked and then reheated to order. so after i ate my pancakes i had to flag down the waitress again and remind her about my cajun special. she apologized and about 5 minutes later it came out. the biscuit was homemade but dry. the sausage gravy was good though, it had a nice little kick that wasn't overpowering. the home fries though were very disappointing. i watched the guy make them. they go through them so quick that they don't even have time to build up a crust on the griddle, which is the best part! so the texture wasn't good, and neither was the flavor. this place is small and in a residential neighborhood. it seems like it was started as a little townie diner but the students caught on and i feel like they should either relocate or expand. there's potential here but right now with the high volume of customers the cooks can't put the appropriate care into the food and the same with the waitresses and the service. next time i'm in ithaca for breakfast i think i'm gunna stick with State Diner.", 2, 3], "sj-Utx957WUb4T8JoUBIMw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/23/2015", "Good eggs and Good coffee at a decent price. What more can you want? We had the ZIppy's Omelette. which comes with eggs bacon, ham and cheese all wrapped up int the Omelette. It was quite decent. The only thing I would say that's negative is the guy at the grill has a very small grill so if it gets busy be prepared to wait for a bit for your order. Other than that I have no complaints. The coffee was delicious and the servers were very good.", 4, 3], "ilEosP4G9so7YuBw8Wjdaw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/13/2015", "Cajun sausage gravy over homefries and biscuits is the king of all breakfasts. Probably the king of all meals. I am vegetarian, but I make an exception for Lincoln St. Diner's gravy.Atmosphere is a major contributor to the experience.", 5, 2], "ha4Y5a0hLdDE-hPu3GZrDQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/23/2015", "A 5-minute walk from Ithaca Falls Natural Area so anyone who's visiting the falls should definitely go here. I got the All Star breakfast which was so satisfying especially after a long jog from Collegetown. It had bacon, ham, egg, sausage, and cheese on a toasted bagel with potatoes on the side. The bagel was excellent; it was crispy and chewy in the same bite which is exactly how I like it. They have daily special menus too which sound really appetizing.", 4, 2], "TH6f8ZYV-OjVC1BuwfDv6Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/21/2015", "I Love the little family dinner when you walk in you feel welcomed. They have wonderful service and the waitress is amazing there. Wish I could remember all the stuff she does. Only thing is I wish it was little bigger to fit more people pretty crowded.", 4, 2], "4oW6zWaRrgHTv2mriTt-aQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/27/2015", "I just moved to Ithaca a few months ago, and have quickly become a regular at Lincoln St. The staff is friendly, funny, and make it a point to remember your name and just how you like your eggs. It wasn't long before I was eating with friends, that attitude really contributes to the \"diner atmosphere\" you get just walking in. The food is delicious and affordable, I rarely spend more than ten bucks (tip included)By far, the best diner around imho.", 5, 2], "Vlb4NzLLqtrryVG6AMekzQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/11/2015", "Food was good, service was reasonable, parking was relatively easy, but unfortunately this place gave me stomach issues. SORRY for the TMI, but I liken it to my first year at college where I had constant stomach issues due to getting used to whatever they cooked the food with.So, no I won't be going back.", 3, 5], "_FjPzwhryJM9XxFfHfrSjA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/19/2015", "This is the sort of small old time timey place with interesting food like you see on Diners Driveins and Dives. The decor is decidedly out of date on purpose. It's still the 1970s in there. It gets super busy on Saturdays. The best dishes are:Saturday Cajun sausage gravy. Wednesday turkey dinner. Friday mac and cheese. Or blackened grilled haddock. Any day has the best bacon and eggs anywhere. Cheap too. Everything is very inexpensive.", 5, 1], "xKE1kWgmhB4PhnoNSe9aVQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/11/2015", "Exactly what a diner should be. The service was fast and friendly. The food was delicious and cooked on a buttery griddle. I had the bacon and pepper jack omelet with home-fries and rye toast. It was under $8 with coffee. Good. Fast. Cheap.", 5, 2], "lt13l76YF4Uk7A8zVX5UtQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/22/2014", "Hearty all-American fare (the ingredients are not the highest quality but hits the spot if you're craving a Ron Swanson type of breakfast), and the servers were just so sweet to this foreign-lookin' brown fella. In a small town diner, that means something.", 4, 1], "cihjUJ-G9dWYhdcCWG4tAQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/22/2014", "The cajun special breakfast was delicious and the atmosphere very welcoming. The coffee was always filled. The people very friendly. Perfect for this chilling winter day.", 5, 1], "X0BkeaBbdVsnCYXKZw32hQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/15/2014", "Good blueberry pancakes but terrible coffee. I know that this is a locals only place but it would have been great if they made it very clear somehow that you could only tip in cash. Thankfully I had enough cash to tip after I paid with my card but I would have felt terrible if I didn't have cash.", 3, 3], "MpsvnfVUsqcfTOZCdnjrIQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/11/2014", "Let's set the scene: you are walking around Ithaca way early in the morning because reasons, and you want food. Your expectations are lowered but that's okay. This is a viable option, at least until you reevaluate your life and the reasons you end up stumbling around freakin' Ithaca like that.", 3, 5], "9U9BcAskigIxcAJVr-nviw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/30/2014", "really small place where everyone knows each other. definitely good for locals looking for a quick affordable bite. not good for those expecting lots of menu options or healthy alternatives. friendly staff but overall restaurant needs updates.", 2, 1], "s_0UmpI23aG1V2Nfm69EzQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/25/2014", "This place is your classic dinner cuisine with a lot of neighborhood spirit. Haute cuisine? Try someplace else. Want someplace that corrals you in and then puts on a show where the audience is the entertainment, too? This is your place. Now granted, the beau and I were there for the main waitress' (weekends only?) last day so the show may or may not go on. So why 4 stars? The waitress. Seriously. It was all the waitress. If you want to go out and be entertained, come here. Otherwise, I'll be making some Aunt Jemima pancakes at home and get that same reminder of what my parents used to make me as a kid.", 4, 3], "roAl2gu9yWSZjWmnYClAvA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/23/2014", "Thr home fries and corn muffin covered with sausage gravy was delicious. The pancakes and the inlets were also very good.", 5, 1], "FHU1R-n-7zhoCh3p0QRv2w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/22/2014", "I can't believe I have gone to school in Ithaca for 3 years and this is my first time here. This place is a gem! I had the cornbread and home fries with gravy and my mom had a single (large) blueberry pancake with 2 eggs. I had never had cornbread and sausage gravy before, so that was a new and delicious experience. Sweeter than biscuits and gravy. The pancakes and eggs were what you would expect from a classic dinner. The atmosphere is friendly and clearly a local hangout. The staff knew half the customers names, which is really nice. The restaurant is pretty small, but that defiantly adds the the very personal experience. The food came out so fast! Like the same amount of time it takes to make a pancake the food was out. And the place was full! Finally, you can not beat the price. We spent $11.45 on the whole breakfast. A great price for a great meal. I will be back!", 5, 6], "yWqga9RegGd3N_Am2LW7uw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/24/2014", "Lots of delicious food for a good price! The staff is very friendly as well and it is right next to Ithaca Falls.", 5, 1], "88d83sVlkWQKerpsyALUrA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/21/2014", "So this is a small older d\u00e9cor diner. It is fair quality but a little out of date. I ordered the veggie omelette and wanted egg beaters or egg white substituted, they offered neither. Asked for \"Dry\" wheat toast, it got buttered but they promptly replaced it. Went to pay and I was unaware there was a $10 min credit card requirement, after getting the boss, they ok'd it. Tips only in cash! OK.. if I had cash I wouldn't have had to use my credit card, I was in town for work and don't carry cash usually.", 2, 4], "xYkSLHNpxfbFv1LfRoID0A": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/5/2014", "Great good, fair price, friendly staff. My family all did breakfast-y stuff - pancakes, omelet, etc...the venue is nothing impressive, but killer \"greasy spoon\" joint.", 5, 1], "vKHkrHQC6AneUL_KHypDpQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/9/2014", "I didn't know diners this classic actually existed outside of the movies. Standard diner fare, but done exactly right.", 5, 0], "2Y9NW6LeYDYX9E4Byy2b5g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/7/2014", "This place is great and this is coming from someone that doesnt usually like breakfast food. The epitome of the greasy spoon diner. Staff is super friendly and fun. Even when its busy you wont have to wait long for service/food. The place is small enough to see your meal being cooked from anywhere in the dining area.Places like this are a dying breed.", 5, 2], "Yy7vB_sl6joVCz1sD75KDQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/26/2014", "A nice, quirky neighborhood place. We had a very good breakfast, of which the blueberry pancakes were the star. They refill your coffee endlessly without your having to ask! The server was snappy and sardonic in the best possible sense. All in all, a place we would visit again.", 5, 2], "OjFVvgGGAQQrMS7cv-UOSg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/24/2014", "Small hole in the wall diner. Don't let the looks turn you away. Will be very busy at peak breakfast times, so keep that in mind. I had a great blueberry pancake - fresh blueberries. My husband had a cheese omelet that was very good (almost as good as mine, he said, and THAT says a lot 'cause I make a great omelet). I do have to agree with one reviewer who said the homefries lacked a lot of flavor, but salt did the trick!We also enjoyed the snarky friendly banter between the waitress and a few \"regulars\". Will definitely return on our trips to Ithaca.", 5, 0], "5EqA-LBkBQDkhdNse9rlOA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/17/2014", "Cheap yes, so just go with that thought and you'll be happy. I visited on a Tuesday morning, the cook, maybe manager commented a few times to various folks that they were slammed. There was no wait but certainly a steady stream of folks. The servers were friendly and attentive. I really wanted to try the sausage gravy n biscuits. Today's special was sausage gravy over a corn muffin and potatoes. Weird, maybe it was a no biscuit day? I acquiesced, it was a good consistency, good amount of sausage and a good sized plate of food. I'd happily pay a few more dollars for crisp tatoes, a biscuit, some seasoning (other than salt) in the gravy (after the photo I added a fair amount of pepper and some ketchup and some red hot). The potatoes on the grill top were occasionally blessed with bacon drippings, and they had a paprika hue but the soft nubs still lacked flavor.", 2, 1], "AMH3e6aiVKZqvmtNk9HqYA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/14/2014", "Though the outside looks a tad shoddy, don't let the appearance turn you away. This is your typical diner - kinda small and packs in more seats than it probably should, with a friendly waitress and a cook in the back busy at the stove. I came here on a busy Saturday morning with a friend and we had to wait ~15 minutes for two seats at the counter. The waitress (whose name escapes me at the moment!) was extremely friendly and checked on us frequently despite the busy breakfast rush. My friend ordered the Cajun sausage gravy with home fries while I got blueberry pancakes with sausage. The bite of gravy and biscuits I had was delicious and I regret not ordering it as well, but my pancakes were also extremely satisfying. It came out to about $12 for the both of us, making it $15 for a meal for two. Not bad at all! A bonus is that if you're walking from Collegetown, the walk back definitely helps a full belly.", 5, 0], "P-lE3xfPFP-ozfrnpF4yhA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/28/2014", "After reading how highly rated this place was on Yelp I had to try it out so after being in Ithaca for a year now I decided it was time.....time to have a Saturday morning breakfast at Lincoln Street. (if your asking me why breakfast is important then you obviously are not someone who loves food because breakfast.....is the best meal!)Anyways this place is small, crowded and has all the markings of a run down diner. The only problem is that it's packed! Now this is a good thing, this means it must be good so we went in and grabbed a table.The waiter came right over and was extremely nice, took our drink order and in a timely fashion was back with them and was taking our orders for food.Our food came out about 15-20 mins later, right when I would expect it to.I ordered the Cajun Sausage Gravy as most of the reviewers on Yelp RAVE about it. So I thought I'd give it a go and boy....was I amazed.This is quite possibly the best...BEST! sausage gravy and biscuits I have EVER had. The flavors were phenomenal! It was spicy, but not enough to hide the flavors. I tasted the sausage, the cream, the pepper, the cajun seasoning and the spice all together. The biscuits were soft but held their own when grabbing them with my fork.I downed the entire place in under 2 minutes and wanted more! MORE!Never in my life have I ever loved a breakfast like this before.If you are looking for the perfect breakfast spot hit this place on a Saturday morning when they have their gravy on the menu and get yourself some! You will not regret and will be hooked coming back every Saturday for that meal you can't get anywhere else!This is definitely a gem of Ithaca and I am surprised that they haven't expanded or opened for dinner because by george they could be huge!Also, not a caveat but they only take cash for orders under $10 which might not be a big deal...except their prices are CHEAP! This is a good thing though haha!", 5, 6], "ahkTHGx6FLLOlY01p9G54w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "12/22/2013", "In my mind, there are two type of diners. There are greek diners, which are large, sparkling and have massive menus. Then there are greasy spoons, which are essentially the opposite but strangely charming because of it. I have always been partial to a good greasy spoon, and the Lincoln Street Diner is the best I've ever been to. As an undergraduate at Cornell, the Lincoln Street Diner was my refuge when I needed to escape academia and be around normal people for a little while. I became a regular at the Lincoln Street Diner not only because the diner is run by a great group of people and because it is cheap but also because the food is damn good. Expect standard diner fare and you will be pleasantly surprised. They do staples superbly (Friday Fish Fry, Meatloaf, etc.) but the owner Chris can also get creative with the lunch specials and offer some very interesting, tasty dishes (be sure to keep an eye out for his stuffed burgers). For lunch, my recommendation is to go with whatever is on special and be sure to get a soup. You can get a soup in lieu of a side which can make for a cheaper and healthier meal.If you go on a Saturday for breakfast, expect a bit of a wait as it will be packed. In sum, there will always be a soft spot in my heart for the Lincoln Street Diner. It is the Cheers of diners. (There is even a mailman that is a regular: #CliffClavin.) My only regret is that I didn't find it sooner in my time at Cornell.", 5, 4], "DQLTzG13vWpm8pd6eAfxbw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/30/2013", "Lincoln Street Diner is certainly the best diner in Ithaca. It is a bit hard to find, and the parking lot behind it should have a sign recommending several inches of ground clearance. It also isn't that big, so you should plan on waiting a little to get a booth. Finally, its a fairly local spot, so don't expect to run into all your friends from college while you're there (although if you do, that means you have really cool friends).The food is great and inexpensive. Bacon egg and cheese on an english muffin is actually made with real everything and just tastes really good. Same with omelets. The special sausage gravy is definitely worth it.it. In sum, they make diner food like it used to be made, not just sourced from Sysco. Its definitely a place worth patronizing.", 4, 0], "Crtry-A-RQCqXnb_NEiF8g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/16/2013", "It's because of this place that I now always try to do my laundry on Saturday mornings at Fall Creek Laundromat because I can just go next door and get a great breakfast while waiting for my clothes to wash.They are famous for their Saturday morning special, the Cajun sausage gravy over biscuits. Simply put, it lives up to the hype. You get some cheddar biscuits and some potatoes, completely smothered with their amazing gravy with chunks of sausages mixed into it. It's a bit spicy but not overwhelming. Shameless individuals would probably lick their plates clean. Not only that, but it comes out to around $6.The earlier you get there, the better. I once tried going in around 1 and the place was packed with a short line, which would have prevented me from being seated before the place closed at 2. I heard they run out of certain items by then anyway. I always go around 9-10 though and seating is easy then.The staff is very familiar with the local neighbors and you'll see them joke around with those people a lot. They're pretty nice and attentive to all the other guests as well so you'll have an enjoyable experience here with them.", 5, 3], "ocLl2TX45lOHAKbtxgDIYw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/16/2013", "There is an unfortunate reality in the truth that places like this are on the decline. Support this place! From the music (circa 1920's through 40's jazz) to the conversations I'm overhearing as I write this, everything here simply works.The food is simple, standard diner fare, served with a kind of dedication to the craft often overlooked when the average is $10 or less for a meal. Great people, great food. I'm leaving Ithaca once again with a full belly and heart.", 5, 2], "PD3Z_vm20aXejZVyy1XZEg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/2/2013", "Old school small local dive diner, griddle at counter. Mixed re service: We walked in w family and there was one available table that was still full of dirty dishes. As we waited to sit, some totally rude dude came in and sat at \"our\" table. A waiter removed him, yay! and seated us. Meanwhile, rude dudes group arrived and were seated at a newly open table. Ultimately they finished their meal before we even ordered, hmpf. As for food: nothing special, as expected, kinda. We left with our bellies as well as our hair and skin full of grease. Gimme a Tums and a shower, and I'll be fine.", 2, 5], "297mYPKZ-rs6b-46MpPWAQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/29/2013", "Lincoln Street Diner is a local joint. When we walked in, the only open tables were covered in dirty plates so we stood there looking around the place. There were 3 tables open but they were dirty. An obvious regular said \"You better sit down before them seats get taken by someone else...\" I loved it- what a riot. We sat down at the least dirtiest table and then the waitress came over and cleaned it up. (That's the way it works, once you sit down, the mess gets cleaned up, and you are offered coffee). Food was alright- nothing special for me (a vegetarian doesn't go far here) but it was very well priced and delicious all the same. I had two poached eggs, wheat toast (covered in butter, yum, but if you don't want butter you must tell them in advance), and hash browns. After (or before) a meal here, go around the corner for some sick waterfall viewing! (There are two short walks just a few blocks from the place) one up Ithaca Falls, the other up Cascadilla trail", 3, 3], "uXfSrNmwaievKKOHjjrT0g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/7/2013", "This diner experience is authentic and cheap. If you sit at the counter, you can watch them prepare your food. It is a really nice spot for some greasy breakfast on a budget and the food is tasty. The atmosphere is nice and quiet since the place is so tiny and out of the way of downtown Ithaca. If you can find time within their weird hours (which seems to be a trend with good breakfast places), I would recommend giving this place a shot.", 4, 0], "W9L08juFO57uCYHm5ZEGUw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/26/2013", "Cajun sausage gravy over cheddar buscuits! Got to go! Service is great, homey, local joint.", 4, 0], "XMDpsn_Ema2kkH17Z0J63Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/22/2013", "One of the few places in town where you can get yourself a real egg for breakfast. That shouldn't be too much to ask, right? Friendly staff make you feel like you're eating at home, and the menu is very fairly priced!", 5, 0], "mTc-7MLTwHluxMcf9xHNZA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/7/2013", "Definitely the best diner in Ithaca. Everything is super inexpensive, and the food is tasty. However, the hours, oh the hours ... not night owl friendly at all :(", 4, 4], "A2fIrADU3ehm-zAmGhKTZA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/3/2013", "This is my No. 1 favorite place to grab breakfast in Ithaca. For $4 you get coffee, toast, two eggs, and hash browns.  For only a few dollars more you can order something called MAMAS WRAPPED IN BABIES, which is an omelette with diced buffalo chicken inside of it. If you are an ultra glutton for punishment and you go early enough on a Saturday you can get your Mamas Wrapped in Babies SMOTHERED IN CAJUN SAUSAGE GRAVY. Oooooh it's spicy! Additionally, the waitstaff team on Saturday is especially welcoming and funny :)This is not the place for you if if you need a place to be pristine. This is not the place for you if smelling like a diner for the rest of the day is going to ruin your day. This is not the place for you if you are allergic to bacon. Protip- They are closed on Sundays.", 4, 4], "OlrH-4HyIZgEX8cIFZQ1tw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/3/2013", "Really Cheap and simply delicious. I got the Bo Burger with a side of corned beef hash. Both were delicious and filling. Really fast service. The only downside is that it is not open on Sundays!", 4, 0], "M9RyNhAAOVgl9dJzrxluuA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/25/2013", "Food was awesome and prices were cheap. Both combos make for a perfect diner!", 3, 0], "y5GXV1LzzHxQScq7ErYHLw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/10/2013", "The best breakfast!! Small, fun staff, with the most amazing breakfast foods. I almost didn't write this because I want to keep it all to myself. Delicious!", 5, 0], "Q-vBSlnGmk90YA0KSKZJcA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/2/2012", "An intimate establishment with honest food and honest patrons. I'm a sucker for diner corned beef hash and they did not disappoint. Couple that with some classic hot coffee, and you're ready to shovel some snow.", 4, 0], "xrkH8G7iXXlFxvMi4iGtKA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/23/2012", "This place is not for people who think any semblance of cleanliness is important. It's covered in grease and syrup. I cannot remember if my pancakes were good. The home fries were not good (not crispy -- just white potatoes that were mushy. I wouldn't make a trip back.", 2, 4], "7SI6kWD9ZRdGoIF2OBKOSA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/23/2012", "This place is awesome! It has a classic laid back diner feel. Erin, the server, loves to announce when her \"boyfriend\" Larry arrives and leaves. She is always willing to introduce new guests to the crowd to make them part of the family. She has a smart ass comment about some things, but you know she is joking and it just part of the show. It's always fun to sit at the bar and watch to cooks do their thing. I get the bagel sandwiches. They are nothing special but there is something about them that cannot be duplicated at home. The home fries are great. The cajun sausage gravy is fantastic! You need to go on Saturday and try it!", 5, 2], "-5L35j8AY_0rfgIpRfY35Q": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/17/2012", "This is a true diner experience. Do not expect fancy, just expect good food at a fair price. We were in Ithaca a few weeks back and found this place on yelp. The only seats available on a Friday morning were at the counter, which was fine because that gave us a perfect vantage point of the choreography of the workers. There is not a whole lot of room back there but they worked it like a finely tuned machine. A lot of places could take a few lessons on working together as a team from this diner. I can't say that the food was spectacular but I can say that it was above what I have had at other mom and pop operations. I am almost sad that I did not get to experience the sausage gravy while we were there.", 4, 0], "vByZa7Re4rEeROauf01Q4w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/16/2012", "I've been going here since it was Bud's Diner. First time in 1981 or 1982. Always clean and serving good food. It's small though, so sometimes it's hard to get in. Worth a little wait. Probably some of the best diner food in Ithaca.", 4, 1], "sqq4psS4O3mzjth0dX-jJA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/25/2012", "After reading the reviews, I really wanted to like Lincoln Street. I love breakfast foods (who doesn't??), and I love a quick unpretentious diner for just that purpose. A nice set of fried eggs, a quick slice of ham, a bit of toast? Easy and delicious.Lincoln Street Diner really didn't do it for me. The entire place is covered with a sticky oily sheen. The cooks don't even bother turning on the hoods over the griddle, so you leave the place smelling of grease, which is a slight improvement over sitting in a restaurant smelling of grease with your eyes tearing from the smoke.All would be well if the food was fine, but my over easy eggs came almost well done, my dry toast came soaked in butter, and my tea somehow turned into coffee. Oh well.", 3, 11], "Dqo5rx_ux-7_g5tsgjWAjA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/27/2012", "Yikes, this place was not good! I went after reading all the raving Yelp Reviews. The restaurant was dirty, the tables were sticky, the floor looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. This place was not sanitary! The food was average, nothing to rave about. They also messed up my order (pancakes when i ordered blueberry pancakes). When we went to pay the bill, a huge bug, about the length of my pinkie finger, flew onto my arm. I was disgusted. I will not be returning!", 1, 14], "Uo8xS50dep8eD2QPAN8wIA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/6/2012", "Chose the Lincoln Street Diner after searching Yelp for a good Ithaca breakfast spot and reading about the Diner's sausage gravy. Sat by the window at the counter with my daughter and she was pleased to find and electric socket to charge her cell. I had the combo sausage and Cajun sausage gravies severed over biscuit and home fries - a skunk in diner-speak because the two gravies form a stripe. The combination of the two gravies was savory, spicy and delicious with perfectly cooked home fries and a max-flaky biscuit. What a breakfast!Many thanks to all the Yelp members that shared this one. And many thanks to the Lincoln Street Philly Fans - you'd have to travel south of the Mason/Dixon to get sausage gravy and biscuits anywhere near this good... but they don't have the skunk combo and it ruled?!", 5, 1], "-tgwmOTl39xGLsk3nAFD_g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/1/2012", "Yelp you continue to have yet to let me down! I did a search for diners when I was in Ithaca yesterday and this was the first place to pop up. Read a few reviews and said what the heck. Found it in the quiet little residential area and walked in and were welcomed right away from the nicest waitress I have ever encountered. She then proceeded to introduce us to everyone in the restaurant since we were first timers and everyone welcomed us. The waitress and rest of the staff were very witty and funny which helped make the experience all the more enjoyable. I ordered the cajun sausage gravy with cheddar biscuits and homefries and my girlfriend ordered \"mommas wrapped in babies\" or the buffalo chicken omelette. Both meals were cooked up very quickly and were just amazing. I was told I did a good job for cleaning my plate but the waitress didn't have much to say about my girlfriend for leaving some food on her plate (if you don't have something nice to say, don't say it, haha). This was one of the best \"greasy spoon\" experiences that I have ever had and I will definitely return here anytime that I am in or around Ithaca.", 5, 0], "w94F7rdgXdRXBiH2clIbHA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/15/2012", "I've lived in Ithaca for years and hadn't heard of this place. It's a little neighborhood diner, nothing fancy. just a counter and a few tables. The staff was wonderful and courteous. I got the Ziffy omelet with whole wheat toast, sausage gravy, and coffee. Our waiter joked that they had three kinds of coffee: Coffee, Decaf, and More Coffee. We ordered More Coffee. The service was fast, the food was good, and the price was low. I enjoyed it.", 4, 0], "_CHA0rA6jYmi9VtifMYTJw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/11/2012", "If you ever find yourself hungover in Ithaca, go to the Lincoln St Diner. If you want a great breakfast go to the Lincoln St Diner. Very cheap, good people, wonderful food.", 5, 2], "kQqyqOKlrtTMhKmoCehv6w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/29/2012", "Went there once on a recommendation and it was pretty gross. The cook was wearing dirty cloths with hair all over them and the place was filthy. He was pouring pancake batter over a filthy grill cooking burnt pieces of food into the pancakes. Gross. We waited & watched for 20 mins before they even took our order. We ended up leaving we were so grossed out.", 1, 3], "zMvyVEe_gl51pLUJWLvzRg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "5/13/2012", "The famed biscuits and gravy ran out way before we got there, but thankfully the corned beef hash and homemade mac 'n cheese lived up to the hype. The coffee and coffee cake were a delightful end to a satisfying meal. The servers were nice, especially the girl that filled our coffees and waters, so remember to tip well.Clean, friendly, cozy local diner. *Walk through the quaint neighborhood to nearby Ithaca Falls.", 4, 1], "f7ysDObewZ5ZKicTKoPTmQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "4/13/2012", "After waiting about 40 minutes for my food, I noticed most of the people who came in after us and people who came in and order to go food were served before us. When I asked WHY I wasn't served I was told first come first serve. Terrible service And the food wasn't even worth the wait.", 1, 1], "WMDf9yLt_Lxxo5LOEKKR1w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/23/2012", "In town visiting my wife's kid sister at college. Looked on yelp came to the diner and ordered three meals the blue berry pancakes for my wife, this special consisting of corn muffin with gravy over everything for myself, and an egg white omelet with Homemade salsa on the side for my son. The blueberry pancakes tasted like candy they were so good. The special I got was exactly what I shouldn't eat and exactly what I wanted and it was great. My sons omelet was great but the homemade salsa he got made the meal. Suffice to say on my next trip I'll be back. Everything was great.", 5, 2], "zylBELWgIljaKRK0Y1fjVQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/10/2012", "cheap and delicious!wish i were a local who frequents this place", 4, 0], "Sjnpc8n1wN26BZ9qTd6p5w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "3/6/2012", "I once walked four miles so that I could get a buffalo chicken omelet.I once raced another person there when I got a phone call that a friend of ours had just ordered the last of the sausage gravy for the day and wasn't going to be able to finish it.I've come back to visit after years away and they still know as soon as I walk in the door that I want the \"mamas wrapped in the babies\" and a hangover-size water.I moved away from Ithaca years ago, and I literally miss Lincoln Street every single Saturday morning when I wake up and find that I'm not within an hour's drive of it. That's all I have to say.", 5, 20], "oLyGk6T2qg5moe9YMpIv4w": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/25/2012", "with the recommendations for the gravy, tried it this morning. wasn't exactly overwhelmingly impressed it. nevertheless will still recommend the place for the low price for simple breakfast fare and service. but not for the gravy specials.Again, card with a minimum of $10.", 3, 2], "DCzwjZTw42nTHQLyIVGWog": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "12/31/2011", "What an interesting place. I had eggs, corned beef hash, hash browns, rye toast, OJ, and coffee, all of which were very good, but not gourmet, or course. It's an eclectic crowd of all ages and persuasions. The absolute most delightful and entertaining aspect is Erin, who is the face and leader of the joint. She puts on a great floorshow with such announcements as, \"Hey, everyone--listen up. This lady just switched from white to wheat toast. Let's give her a hand!\" She calls large waters \"hangover size,\" and she had us sing \"Happy Birthday\" to a diner, who seemed to be a fellow school teacher of hers from Lansing.", 4, 6], "4rwFy5vTXPBJUO366TcSrQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/6/2011", "A true Ithaca classic. Stop by on Saturday morning and sit at the counter. The waitress, Erin, is a hoot and she will make you feel like you're right at home. The food is exactly what you want from a diner. Fast tasty no-nonsense breakfast for a good price. Blueberry pancakes and bacon, egg & cheese on a bagle are my favorites. The home fries could use use a little work, but asking for some country or cajun gravy to smother them with fixes them right up. Love this place. The food gets 4 stars, but the whole package puts it over the top to a 5/5.", 5, 1], "_zs-2Omv-h_bURyD7ZgpYQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/8/2011", "Admittedly our first experience there. The other reviews sum up this out-of-the way place well. But the part that blew my wife & I away were the two different kinds of biscuits & gravy we tried. I will not order biscuits & gravy in restaurants anymore because 99% of the time it's an awful pile of paste. But for some reason we decided to go for it, and there it was, real honest-to-God gravy laden with its sausage. Wife's was a Cajun style, and had a real kick to it, which was a pleasant change since we moved to Ithaca from Colorado and it's hard to find food with a hot kick.We shall definitely become regulars there!", 5, 3], "UIYCrKKaqfqHZbqVat2cIA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "9/4/2011", "A small hole in the wall place that doesn't look like much but great food, fast service, and super cheap!They were great at accommodating our group of 7 and had huge portions.", 5, 1], "QNrYtvNVhwdB13YutXUv2A": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "8/31/2011", "Delicious food, very good service and a mix of Ithacans rarely seen in other places. Today an anniversary and a newcomer were announced to be celebrated by everyone in the diner.", 5, 0], "YU8rzmAlyP3AjMTdBxGP8g": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/13/2011", "In Ithaca for first time ... Gotta eat a breakfast ... so we Yelped a locals' favorite ... found Lincoln Diner. Perfect! (Five stars to Yelp! - never would've known of or found this place without you?/it?/us?)Off the beaten path. Greasy griddle delight. Five stars for the atmosphere. All the friendly neighborliness the other reviews highlight is true. Place was packed when we peaked in - but other customers moved over so we could fit ... at their table! Introduced himself and wife to me ... but didn't make it awkward by trying to talk to us thru the meal. Five stars for locals with acute social awareness. And five stars for the Cajun Sausage Gravy over Biscuits and Homefries ... one-of-a-kind greatness. They offer a number of interesting omelet specials. My wife & kids also enjoyed their more conventional fare ... eggs, bacon, bagel, etc. ... but it was \"nothing special,\" they said. Go for the specials. $25 for family of 4. They take credit/debit cards for the bill. But you have to tip in cash.", 5, 4], "c_u7UbxCDHPiT0-UgrFhAg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/12/2011", "This is a wonderful spot. Nice people and a solid breakfast menu. No frills here, which enhances the diner experience.", 4, 1], "Vesothqh97usP7okBfU_bg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "6/26/2011", "I love it! The menu is small and so is the place but there are always people there... go on Saturday and have the Cajun sausage gravy...", 4, 0], "tiA4jHyaKQzdWxAhUut1fQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "2/2/2011", "When it comes to diners in Ithaca, you can't get much better than Lincoln Street. There's just something about the space, the waitress, the cook (eggs are always perfect), the hashbrowns, and the clientele that makes me happy.", 5, 1], "WpHnNAAJxIHQdLj3GKmlKQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/29/2011", "Simply put, Saturday would not be Saturday and Breakfast would not be Breakfast without the Lincoln Street Diner. If you haven't, you should. If you already have, you know.", 5, 0], "cE7ZZhNVK6-m-URvzYuSfA": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "12/18/2010", "This small little diner made a big impression on us today! We came about midmorning on a Saturday and were lucky to get a table. When we mentioned that it was our first time, the waitress offered to introduce us to everyone. We declined, but it definitely added to the \"Cheers of diners\" kind atmosphere. When my BIL ordered white toast, the waitress, in a friendly, motherly tone said, \"Are you sure? Because whole wheat is better for you and rye doesn't taste like cardboard, I promise.\" My husband had a great plate of sausage gravy, biscuits and homefries, the kids split pancakes and eggs, I had french toast (very much like what I make at home...in a good way), and BIL had an omlet. The service was fast (which we love with 2 young kids in tow) and the food was great. We'll definitely be back!", 5, 6], "bGjdMejuJiklEcmAQwbipw": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "11/13/2010", "Lincoln Street Diner is the townie's answer to Cafe Dewitt for breakfast!Here you will find delicious omelets and home fries, perfectly cooked bacon, tasty coffee and the ultimate guilty breakfast pleasure: SAUSAGE GRAVY....all at totally reasonable prices. You will not find pretense or wacky upscale brunch concoctions made with obscure expensive ingredients at outrageous prices. (Don't get me wrong....I do appreciate such things at times.)The service is great...I agree with the other reviewer that Erin is a riot and makes you feel like an old friend the second you sit down. Lincoln Street Diner is definitely worth seeking out....but I wouldn't feel too bad if you didn't since it already tends to be crowded!", 5, 3], "dC2mGiEK4p53JmCo16P9Fg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "10/11/2010", "Excellent place. I was in town visiting and was welcomed by everyone in the diner. The waitress, Erin, is a riot and makes for a wonderful experience. The food is top notch. I had a bruschetta omelet, which was incredible.", 5, 0], "TiseGRveCr2df0_K2JhPhQ": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "7/5/2008", "A true Ithaca native find: cheap eats and homestyle flair. Most of the breakfasts come with fresh coffee and homefries, the muffins are warmed, split in half and served with butter, and you can get fresh pie a la mode where the servings of ice cream are bigger than your pie slice.Patrons generally appear to be regulars. They come in groups bearing children, grandchildren, old friends and new girlfriends. They all seem to know the waiters and the cooks. Everyone discusses their personal life and passes photos around of their kids. It's intimate. But come early, because the seats fill fast and the wait can be awkward; people appear hard-pressed to leave. It probably doesn't help that a check never comes to your table; you approach the register when you're ready to deal with payment. Until then, enjoy the local fever.", 5, 4], "wNbCC4h_GNOVZ7XbJOpjkg": ["Yelp", "Lincoln Street Diner", "1/6/2007", "Great little neighborhood diner. It's right in the middle of a residential area with a beauty salon and a laundromat next door. It seats about 8 - 10 at the counter and perhaps 20 - 25 at tables. Very small but everything that's great about these little diners. Good food fast and at a good price. Daily specials and big portions. Customers are always filling this place up. Really nice to go for a quiet stroll and stop in for a bite to eat. Say hi to John at the grill.", 5, 2]}
{"wc_40ApztQcqexncnVKrkA": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "3/1/2019", "Jimmy John's is a pretty good chain in general, but it's the people at this specific branch that make it awesome. Tai made some great subs and was very friendly!", 5, 0], "9lCk9o22XGhFHiOhv-lWWg": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "2/14/2019", "It's been over 20. minutes and so I called to find out where my order was. The woman who answered said it still in the store. Hmmm, that's not very freaky fast now is it? She said they are short staffed today. Oh, so you knew it was going to a long time but you didn't reach out to tell me and didn't offer to make it right when I called out that the store isn't living up to their motto today. Thats not very good service Jimmy John's! Just sayin!", 1, 0], "5OhITw8o_k26nh1D_ynxdQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "2/8/2019", "It was a Friday night. My friend and I were starving and we just wanted a sandwich. Sounds pretty easy, right?I ordered for delivery online and waited for over 30 minutes. Not bad, but once I started, I took a bite and felt something. Pulled the food out, and there it was. A HAIR.I will never order from here. In fact, I will never order from any Jimmy John's ever again.", 1, 0], "SlzcFW-_49pZF8MA_EIUiQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "4/6/2018", "I love jimmy johns, it's way better than subway and they even deliver. I also love their jimmy John bbq chips!", 5, 0], "5rHQ5YhG0WrExDmWbbRsdg": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "2/24/2018", "If I could give this Jimmy John's a 2.5, I would... but I guess I'll round up out of generosity. I like the Jimmy John's chain, generally. Furthermore, when I was working in Downtown Ithaca, this was a 'go to' for my colleagues and I. We were frequently dealing with minimal time for lunch, so ordering JJ's and having them deliver to the office building was the standby. While generally speedy, it was always a hit or miss regarding whether or not your order would be as expected.I stopped back recently for the first time in quite a while. Opting to pick up my order while running home after errands, I customized my order from the app, submitted it, and had it confirmed for a 3pm pick-up. Upon arriving a couple minutes after 3pm though? My order wasn't ready. One of the guys had to rush to put everything together...... and by the time I got home, unwrapped my sandwich, and took a bite? I realized the guy who prepped my sandwich had missed adding the Italian vinaigrette. Such a DRY sandwich without the Italian vinaigrette! *sigh* This is what happens when they have to do everything in a rush because they didn't pay attention to the order pick-up time. For a generally mediocre sub? I've always thought their prices were a little high too. Even worse when they don't make your sub correctly. TL;DR Hit or miss. You just never know if they'll get your order right. Speed of delivery (if you're really close) works to their advantage, but going back to this location today reminded me why this location is just NOT somewhere I really bother with anymore.", 3, 18], "L3li4HevLlFhfKqNWMqgXw": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "11/27/2017", "Mediocre food you can find anywhere but it isn't bad service was decent but nothing special", 3, 0], "AzQsUdvZKlraMmrtRx3ecw": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "9/30/2016", "These guys are the unsung heroes of my life. Every time I go in, they're smiling, helpful, and fast. They have turned around some of my worst days with their speed and enthusiasm. I have eaten countless #12s and my friends owe me quite a lot of money for the tuna clubs and Italian nightclubs (with peppers!) I have bought for them. Sure, it's not fine dining, but I have enjoyed every sandwich I have bought. I have converted to being a JJ's devotee after many years of Subway as my fallback lunch option. Thanks, Jimmy; you keep me going.Update: I just went by at 10:30 to buy some day-old bread. They gave us some of today's bread for free. And they were so friendly and happy. Ugh, too good a place.", 5, 6], "0Kgx-tZjRkcPuqhrnpfd4w": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "12/12/2015", "I ordered a sandwich, a drink, and chips and waited over 20 minutes for delivery. I get a call saying that Cornell university was too far out of their delivery range, so they can't deliver my sandwich. Wouldn't have been a problem if I was told this on the phone, but I didn't appreciate how long it took them to realize that a 10 minute drive was too far. Anyone at Cornell, don't order delivery!", 1, 1], "nukX74g9xV3MED_pZT6gsA": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "10/31/2014", "The delivery was fast, I'll give them that, but everything else was terrible. I ordered a #4 that arrived quickly, but when I opened it up, it was just bread, a small bit of avocado and a couple pieces of turkey, no vegetables at all. I called and spoke to a manager who agreed to replace the sandwich, but then it never came. Or at least it's been two hours and I haven't seen it. Will not be ordering from here again.", 2, 0], "4ML-Z94yzCOoBx2ed89mKQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "12/29/2013", "I came here about 4-5 years ago and I remember it being really good. Its deffinitly better then subway. Next time I'm in Ithaca I'm going to stop here again and I will update my review. I live on Long Island and there are none down here :'/", 4, 0], "Z9r46Q9XjNsB5ctoB992hQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "9/19/2013", "JJ's is a pretty standard sub shop ... that I happen to enjoy very much.The subs are always good, consistant, and I always get exactly what I ask for.Whilst a little pricey, they are worth every dime. I have never had an issue with them making exactly what I ask for.The #6 Veggie sub is my go to, always consistantly made, never over or under stuffed.Just good, consistant, not exactly cheap food.", 4, 0], "LZ3WrGT4yVA2dLT5sXju2g": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "8/16/2013", "My best friend hyped and raved about JJ's A LOT so when I stumbled upon this place after a pleasant dinner next door with my siblings, I was most definitely excited!!I live in Long Island and there is not a JJ's nearby at all. The shop looked quite desolate with only one customer at a booth but it was pretty late at night. I ordered the Beach Club and asked if they could toast the bread. No can do. What? Awman. :( A little bit miffed, I paid for the sandwich and as soon as I got back to my brother's house, I immediately turned on the stove, heating up a pan to a low heat. Yep. I toasted the sammie myself. That was just a *bit* annoying. Then I saddled the complete sammie on a plate and voila! bit.ly/14F15fB Yay, I still couldn't wait to bite in! bit.ly/16PzD1x This delectable sammie included turkey breast, avocado spread, cucumber, cheese, lettuce, tomato & mayo. The whole wheat bread was nice and thick. It was decent but nothing jaw-dropping amazing. It was a good sandwich though....a sandwich I could make myself...and I almost did. Jeez. Ehh. No matter how many sparkles and rainbows thrown at me, it was pretty much just an average joe sandwich.", 3, 6], "c_NwZFhPacEchu8R0YTmNA": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "6/5/2013", "Not my favorite sub and for the price not the biggest nor does it have the most ingredients. But for $5.75 delivered to my work in usually under 25 minutes this cannot be beat. I love the flavor of the sub don't get me wrong but if I had time to run to Wegmans let me tell you I would. This place is great when you've got 30 mins for lunch and no time to pick anything up. They are FAST and the subs are good but like I said a little pricey. It works out in my mind though because they don't charge for delivery. So if the $5.75 sub was only worth $4.50 in my opinion I am paying $1.25 to have it delivered which justifies the purchase every time. I've ordered countless times from then for lunch at work and continue to do so and will continue to do so as they are the best for a quick lunch at work!", 4, 1], "AusY13jCVktTXcCUBaBd5A": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "5/14/2013", "In-store service is very good, never long wait for the sandwich, it is often done by the time you have paid and walked to the pick-up window.Deliver service is very unreliably and often awful. Their \"freaky fast\" service must only apply to the sandwich-making process because delivery often takes over 40 minutes to arrive.", 2, 0], "VBk3WwO_v9SrFsG9jKsXvw": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "9/8/2012", "I LOVE JIMMY JOHNS!!!!Everytime I'm in town, this is where I come first. Here and Wegmans.. but Wegmans is a whole other story/category.I really wish there were Jimmy Johns further west than Colorado... I need a Jimmy Johns in LA post haste!!!", 4, 1], "qVj-NRvaxMWnIdPaquHloQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "8/6/2012", "Awesome little sandwich shop! Fresh bread, delicious fresh ingredients, and cheap too! Very courteous staff. Also very cool that they deliver. Even one sandwitch!", 4, 1], "7I_RUtEjJc8WdQ4SWrRHZQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "9/9/2011", "Sandwiches are super FAST most of the time. If you are in a hurry and lazy, these are the way to go.In fact you probably already ordered and have your sandwich before you even read this review.Lot of bread and lettuce, not a lot of meat, which is paper thin. Sandwiches usually made the same, but sometimes vary on level of condiments - sometimes they forget the mayo (or maybe they put way too much on sometimes and very little other times). With all that lettuce and little meat, sometimes I feel like I am eating Still I eat there once a week!", 3, 2], "e1JHphjDnpMTFJmoBTV4BQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "7/22/2011", "It's shocking when the sub shows up from across town five minutes after you get off the phone with them. Their delivery is fast.The subs themselves kind of suck but it's hard to complain when they only costs $5 and the phone people and delivery people are great.", 4, 3], "mlh_SNGIELcVU72N2Vr7uQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "7/18/2010", "It's been -years- since I'd last been to Jimmy John's. Having gone to undergrad in Evanston, I remember all-too-frequently late-night meals here while working on one team project or another at ITEC (nee BIRL).It's only appropriate that my most recent Jimmy John's visit was similarly with age-old college buddies, also engineering majors, and for a quick grub-and-go bite en route from one adventure to the next.Admittedly, I don't typically get stoked about going to a chain sandwicherie (unless it's Potbelly), but I'd forgotten just how much I liked Jimmy John's subs. I mean... for the price, it's a pretty good deal. If you're a meatophile like I am, you're likely to also love the #9 - it's chock full of salami, capicola, and ham. And take their suggestion of adding hot peppers. With plain oil and vinegar, it's adds a nice little kick to the sandwich.Bright, clean, and airy... they either don't intend to do high traffic here, or people just grab-and-go, because seating's pretty limited. Definitely smaller than the Evanston shop I'm used to. Still, the decor's just as smart-ass and saucy as I remember; it's just my style!", 4, 23], "uyh6kgcDNLyC6cMVZOrcvQ": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "1/17/2010", "I've dismissed this place as just another chain Subways or Quiznos for the longest time until I was told I was making a terrible assumption, it's actually really great for grabbing a quick, cheap and tasty sub sandwich.The 8'' sandwiches are a bit on the small side if your getting a normal sized one but its certainly delicious, who would of thought something as simple as a ham and cheese sandwich could be so good on a simple french bread. Start simple with the Pepe and work your way up.Best thing about this place is they deliver late too but running in and grabbing a sandwich takes less than 3 minutes. Win.", 4, 3], "OC_scwCcf_MogwwG3z87og": ["Yelp", "Jimmy John\u2019s", "12/21/2009", "Considering I can get a delicious sub and chips for $7.00 within 60 seconds of walking in the door is amazing.", 4, 0]}
{"4DP6e3VUAQANs76wN5hyPg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/2/2018", "There was no line at 12:45 on a Sunday, which was nice. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros. The sauce tasted weird and wasn't a huge fan. Overall, I was not super impressed with this place.", 3, 0], "CdJAwM__AslT6DUyuEk1rA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/4/2018", "Came here on Ithaca College family Weekend. All the restaurants were packed and we didn't make reservations in advance. They open at 10 and we got inline around 9:55. Line was pretty long but we were seated about 15 minutes later. We had omelettes , hash dish and eggs Benedict. Very good service , delicious food and I was very impressed at how quickly they turned the food out. Would go again for sure.", 5, 1], "lTAKNKcU0HYQOIRziyqDHg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/4/2018", "I've been here three to five times by now and I always thoroughly enjoy everything from the ambiance to the food. I think it definitely deserves more than 3.5 stars!!! It's especially nice on weekday mornings when there aren't a lot of people. Their oatmeal and French toast are to DIE for.", 5, 0], "fKSjPouslpVBH6FxR5qSbw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/29/2018", "waited for 25 minutes to order and 50 minutes to get food. Don't even want to tip. Saturday morning ruined", 1, 0], "iqa_I7uCvaRH3uW35Qet7A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/8/2018", "This place is mediocre-at-best. I have been to Cafe DeWitt more times than I can count at this point and I feel like this isone of the fairestreviews that I could give.My most recent visit solidified a lot of the feelings that I've previously held about Cafe DeWittbut this specific experience confirmed that firmed that I won't be going back to Cafe DeWitt anytime in the foreseeable future.Overall: The service is quite slow, you can almost always expect to wait in line, and if you show up past 11:30 you can guarantee that at least one of the specials for the day on the weekend will be unavailable...if you show up past 12:30 sometimes regular brunchmenu items are unavailable.This Visit: Definitely solidified just how mediocre this place really is. From the moment I stepped into the line to the time I left I was so uncomfortable and frustrated it took everything in my power not to just get up and leave.There were about four other people in front of me in line and within a couple of minutes they were all seated. Consideringthere were several tables open I figured I would be seated next. However when the hostess came to ask for my name to seat me her response was \"it's going to be a 15 to 20-minute wait\"when I asked why she said almost verbatim \"...because there are no small tables available and we like to reserve the bigger tables for bigger groups, so you can leave if you'd like instead of waiting...\"At that point I should have left but I stayed because I was very hungry and I already made the effort of walking to my local bank to get cash out because the restaurant is cash only... so I was committed to getting food from there.About 15 minutes pass and she comes up to me and says \"do you plan on staying here long? If not I can seat you at a big table... otherwise you're going to still have to wait for a small table.\" I was so confused by her question and put off by her demeanor I looked at her and said \"I'm fine waiting as I stated before.\"Eventually I was seated in my order was taken but when my food was brought to me it was the wrong order. Apparently my waiter thought that I asked for two full meals in addition to the appetizer I added to my order later. This problem could have easily been solved if he had just repeated my order back to me which he never did.The order I did intend on eating was quite delicious and I was told that I could take the other meal to go as they did not want to waste food. I paid for my meal still left an overly generous tip and walked out.", 3, 0], "R_xY_85AtnMpACLEVs4TLQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/20/2018", "Not the cleanest looking place, dinner style, was inside a schoolThe staff was niceThe food was alright", 2, 0], "BL1qIUQJOJ8vdEQ1vTiJow": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/7/2018", "If you're in Ithaca, don't make the mistake of not eating here. Some of the friendliest employees I've ever met and I love it's located in the middle of a strip mall. My boyfriend and I each had an omelette. Mine was their sandwich special - apple sausage hash, spinach, manchego, and onion - as an omelette. And my boyfriend got the omelette frances, their special of the day. These were the best omelette we've ever had in our life. So fluffy and like little pillows filled with the perfect mix of ingredients. Blended so nicely and didn't fall apart at all. YUM. Hazlenut pesto was also bomb. As I write this review, I actually think I'm going to ask my boyfriend if he wants to go back here for breakfast.", 5, 0], "W-oeAjxKmceghpRNDth6TA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/23/2018", "Amazing food! Delicious GF bread with house-made compote! Yum! Open Monday thank goodness!", 5, 0], "1oDJOYdNhdXWLRHJqO4-vw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/5/2018", "Bad service, food wasn't great, overall a bad experience. My husband did not get what he ordered, and although the waiter was apologetic and eventually came out with the right food, plenty of time had passed in between and I was already finished with my plate. I'm not sure if they only had one cook, but the wait staff could not keep up with their tables as different people went around to check on us. They were slow getting our drink orders and we felt forgotten more than once. We won't be back.", 2, 0], "1cpa95UeweT0se2oTTixFQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/16/2018", "Arguably the best brunch spot in all of Ithaca. This place is a hidden gem. During the week, it's hard to spot it since it's open for only a few hours. During the weekend, it's packed with locals. It has a nice, simple atmosphere. You can dine staring at its massive aquarium or into the storefronts surrounding it. The food is scrumptious! The stuffed french toast always fills me up as do the numerous delicious omelettes that they have. The waitstaff are also great. They are pleasant, accommodating and come by very often to make sure that your coffee and water are filled. Whenever I make the trek up to Ithaca, I make sure to stop here!", 5, 0], "u1tG8cQdWjSQQJtHPpONpg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/5/2018", "I cannot day enough about the breakfast this morning. Delicious flavors, and prepared with attention to detail, from the oatmeal to the pancakes and lamb sausage. Coffee was strong too. Exelleny", 5, 0], "2wbV2m23-Rkajy5aJ87f5g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/28/2018", "Cafe Dewitt is one of my favorite places to grab breakfast in Ithaca. Depending what you order it is decently priced. You will not get an extensive amount of food, but the taste and quality of each dish makes it worth it. I have only eaten breakfast here so I cannot give my opinion on there lunch.My only complaint is that the service is not the best. On each occasion I have been there I often end up waiting 10-15 minutes before I even got water or coffee.One last little heads up is that they only take cash.", 4, 1], "HDyLr9ipoNAGVBT3Y-pM6A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/13/2018", "I went for lunch on a very snowy Saturday. It was slower (I'm assuming because of the snow) so I was seated immediately. The coffee was hot and delicious (it is Gimme which I enjoy). I got the Eggs Florentine, two poached eggs, spinach and hollandaise sauce, served on focaccia bread. I was blown away. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the yolks were runny and the whites cooked. The star of this show was the hollandaise. I have never had real hollandaise sauce before and now I know what I was missing. It was rich, buttery and velvety smooth. It tasted wonderful. The dish came with the perfect amount to coat the eggs and dip the bread in. I was satisfied, yet not over stuffed which was nice because I had things to do that afternoon. The wait staff was charming and engaged, but not annoying. I'll certainly be back!", 5, 0], "Hr4xTQyA-aALyOMXib2NrA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/7/2017", "Loved it! I went here with friends while visiting from California. Everything on the menu looked amazing as well as all the baked goods on display. The omelettes we got were on the small side, with potatoes, no toast or extras, but they use high quality products and it was the perfect amount of food for me. I love the decor and spaciousness, really cool long fish tank along one wall. Great staff, and it's right in the mall which has lots to see.", 5, 0], "Wy9Zm8nD_2X_iUKgPaVo-A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/14/2017", "Just love this place. Been meeting family in Ithaca twice a years for years. Always look forward to the great breakfast and lovely staff. A family favorite spot not to be missed!", 5, 0], "cCf341xHYrRff6pBYubEcA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/14/2017", "Cafe Dewitt is a lovely spot with delicious food. Sunday brunch is always delightful, their omelettes are perfect (which is a rare feat), and their sweet and savory specials are always creative and tasty. They're super popular, so expect a wait if you arrive at prime brunch time, but the service is great and the food comes quickly, and it's all totally worth it.", 5, 0], "4j_r8ikmXKcEgyzEuU_SjA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/11/2017", "We came to experience Moosewood, but had an outstanding meal at Cafe Dewitt. The Moose was closed for an impromptu staff meeting so it was out great fortune to change plans at the last minute.One order for the 'Sophia' (see menu pic) and one for the buger special from the board (see pic of menu). Both beautifully presented with fresh, crisp vegetables, generous serving size and great price. Be aware, CASH only.Servers were friendly and informed and provided local information for us, travelers from out of town.The owner was on site. The chefs are humble and appreciate hearing if you enjoyed your meal. We did and told them.Complaints? None at all.", 5, 0], "JIY-zKFnOEVsWapxVP6_8A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/10/2017", "Delicious fresh brunch with great quality food. The menu had a nice selection, but it wasn't overwhelming.", 4, 0], "H3QVhF2efNn08Kca1xtFtQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/8/2017", "I should direct deposit money into Cafe Dewitt's account because I go there so often. My favorite are the Dewitt Salad, Cafe Turkey, and Caesar (which is not your standard Caesar salad, at all). I love all the staff too!", 5, 0], "dnwOfzs3j5mq4mJvfhwSOA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/8/2017", "I think this is the best brunch in Ithaca. Their coffee is PERFECTLY caffeinated. Breads are delicious. I love the morning glory sandwich, it has some kind of chutney catsup on it. There's usually some kind of pancake and French toast specials that aren't on the menu, don't miss those. Cash only of course but that's fine with me - there's an ATM nearby.", 5, 0], "cAvaFK6J7I7jEBv_HGHMpA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/5/2017", "Good Food, Terrible Service.I'm okay with waiting for food, but please let me know if there is going to be 45+ minutes of waiting for breakfast. We saw our server once when we sat down, and not once after that. The place isn't big, so we would just watch our server walk around almost as if he were avoiding us or something. It wasn't until approaching another server that they brought our food out. The food was pretty good. I can't complain there (other than it being a little pricey for me). thank you to the other servers who were kind.", 1, 2], "r7M0BFIh-ZqSHMrM-Bl8dg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/24/2017", "Stopped here for brunch while visiting Ithaca. Super fresh delicious food! Great service too!", 5, 0], "2tqpyVGAST6ihGqFfulBHA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/13/2017", "Delicious food! Good location in Ithaca Commons. Definitely will return to try more of the yummy bites and very good coffee and espresso drinks.", 5, 0], "hgt1paOxwGHThfCeVgjmFQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/1/2017", "Very great breakfast and very nice people! :) I was there for the first time for breakfast, just gave them a tried and not disappointed. Great omelette and sausage. Staffs were very nice. And please prepared check or cash because they're not accepted card at all. :) They also served Gimme coffee, that's oasis in town. And I plan to be there for weekend brunch soon! :)", 5, 1], "csILBsukQ5gXTQB5gwRFSw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/27/2017", "My favorite go-to brunch spot in Ithaca! I'm always harassing my friends on Saturday or Sunday to go to Dewitt. I don't think I've ever ordered from the menu, I always choose one of the specialty omelettes on the blackboard, and they never fail! Always delicious and fresh. I will say though, I do believe the serving sizes have gotten slightly smaller between my freshman year and my junior year...The hot chocolate is a treat as well, rich and amazingly comforting on those cold Ithaca mornings, if you're ok with the price. Their coffee is a good morning pick me up as well -- smooth and I believe it is Gimme Coffee, which I am personally impartial to as a CS major who has gotten many cups of Gimme from the cafe in Gates Hall. The ambiance is great, it's cozy and familiar (I love the refurbished school-turned-mall look of the entire area). Get there early if you can (9 on Saturday or 10 on Sunday) or there will be a slight wait! The service isn't perfect but they are an extremely busy/popular spot. Slightly random tidbit: my friends who gulp down their water at meals don't love the small glasses, but they refill fairly often.", 4, 2], "Nah-KlFwyhYxKjQy6shvnA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/19/2017", "Fantastic brunch spot- probably the best in Ithaca, in my opinion!A wide array of meat/meat-less items, mostly locally sourced, at affordable prices. The cafe is in the center of DeWitt Mall, off street and next to the book store. Definitely recommend it! Easier to seat than Carriage House and certainly the food is at least as good.", 4, 0], "TSrzw9HmQ_YQH4eP-T8yEw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/4/2017", "I wish I could give them a 5 star review for their food, because it is truly great, however their service leaves so much to be desired that I can't in good conscious. It's not that anyone that works there is bad at their job, far from it these are some of the best waiters in town, it's that the management seems to have made specific decisions that negatively affects the restaurant going experience. There are never enough servers on duty so even when it is half full you can end up waiting twenty minutes just to order, all the while having your water refilled half a dozen times because they have decided that the best thing for atmosphere is to have glasses that contain about a thimbleful of water.All in all, I would recommend it for the food alone, but don't go if you have a tight schedule. Also it is cash only, which is odd for an establishment like this in 2017.", 3, 2], "nGKye1e5iSdPIETjkGiwaQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/1/2017", "We just wanted some carbs.....We started out with this busy looking cafe by waiting for about 50 minutes while we watched brunch items getting crossed off the list left and right. They were running out of food and we were nervous!As we sat down we had our hearts and minds set of Huevos Rancheros. After all - it was 1 or maybe 3 items left on the menu. We ordered, and waited about another 20 minutes before anyone came to give us water or a smile hello. Oh.....turns out theyre out of that too. Ok we will get omlettes. Because those potatoes might save it for us.20 minutes later. You outta those too?!!?CRIPES IS THIS THE PORTLANDIA BRUNCH EPISODE?So I get my omelet. Which is more like an egg folded with three baby pieces of feta and one leftover piece of spinach? Yikes.Service was so awkward and didnt offer their condolences for such subpar food and nothing offered to fill us up.The worst part of this. Everyone are you sitting down?The gave us side salads instead of potatoes with our omlettes.Moment of silence as we try and recover from this bad experience.", 1, 4], "uZuUdAmWTTNQtzbscyta2A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/30/2017", "Good/decent food but absolutely horrible service. The host is a wonderful person - she was kind and enthusiastic and upbeat. A great way to introduce people to the restaurant. The waiter? Forgot things and just seemed like he didn't want to be there and was fed up with serving us. Coffee is from Gimme Coffee, which I love ... but this place managed to burn it somehow (after waiting forever for a cup of coffee and reminding the waiter that I wanted coffee). Long story short, I am not happy with the service and the food is not good enough to make up for that fact.", 1, 1], "9_S_dl47CuxxzPa4NueURQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/9/2017", "Great little breakfast and brunch cafe that makes great omlets, sandwiches and of course Cawfee! Seating is a little limited but well worth a wait.", 4, 0], "4nMksWOnqXvTLoKBBeC9_w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/1/2017", "Four stars for food and two stars for Service. Spilled coffee no napkins brought just looked at us. Coffee and water not refilled. Huevos rancheros delicious. Special omelette with andouille sausage delicious. French toast with apricot ricotta delicious. Sweet lovely spot. Wish the servers were attentive.", 3, 2], "DMW3CP3S95E2luNp471t5w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/13/2017", "The two breakfast omelettes we had were quite good. One featured hazelnut pesto and fontina and mozzarella. The other was with chorizo and green beans. The potatoes that accompanied the omelettes were excellent. Fresh squeezed OJ is a nice option too. Got there a few minutes before it opened on a Sunday, and we the first to be seated, so service was not an issue. There is LOTS of signage noting that they are cash only.", 4, 0], "rkXyf4YvZCJWc_nx6RVBWQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/19/2017", "So, the pros first: coffee is always strong and good, wait isn't terrible for a party of one or two, price isn't terrible, and it's a nice place to go for a quiet breakfast alone (there are plenty of small tables) The not so great: sometimes the servers aren't terribly attentive. It took about 10 after getting my coffee for someone to take my order. Same with the check- after waiting for it to arrive, I was waiting another ten minutes for someone to take it and bring back change. It was a busy Sunday, but it didn't exactly make me feel taken care of. The food- the specials always sound good and look good, and they come out quickly, but they're almost never hot- which is odd, since the kitchen is so close to the dining room. None of the cheese in my omelet was melted today, and my eggs Benedict a week or two ago was similarly lukewarm, on stale toast to boot. I want to give this place another chance, maybe try the sweeter side of the breakfast menu, but really, I would just be happy if my food was hot by the time it got to me.", 3, 3], "6-s8uh0VIh1i_WZfzdKrFw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/30/2017", "I have been to Cafe Dewitt more times than I can remember. I love the savory breakfast and brunch - that I'd give a 4.5/5.However, every time I or someone has ordered something sweet off the menu it has not been good. All of the sweet dishes sound amazing and look that way too - however they just don't meet taste expectations. This is based off probably 5 or more times ordering waffles, pancakes, or desserts. Each time no good. Additionally, there is one waiter there in particular that does not seem to wear deodorant or shower. He STINKS. Every time he passed or filled up our water I had to hold my breath. This did not help my appetite at all and is unprofessional and gross.", 3, 4], "Xo4pqEt1sA-1g74Q_GIXDA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/9/2016", "CASH ONLY! Food is very plain. The server was rude and acted as if he wanted to be someone else. They didn't tell us that it was cash only until after we got our checks. They have no sign except for very small print behind the counter that says they don't accept CCs. The server was rude about it and said we had to find an ATM to pay. During our ordering we even told him we were not from here... that was his chance to inform us that they were cash only. Will not go back. Try College Town Bagels... way way better quality and service!", 3, 0], "OzEkPx4gVw9HwOsnGGThBw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/28/2016", "The hot chocolate wasn't that chocolatey, the size of the water glasses is obscenely small, and the eggs are bland. Everything else was alright, I wouldn't come back here though.", 3, 1], "oE258fvtDHtggo429LExPQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/22/2016", "Surprisingly crowded for a Tuesday lunch. Perhaps this is because moosewood, just down the hall, is closed on Tuesdays. We waited about half an hour for a table, and then about 45 minutes between when we were seated and when our entr\u00e9es arrived. Everyone was very friendly, especially the hostess who knew we were waiting. Fortunately we ordered the cup of soup which was really delicious. Nice depth of flavor. I got a spinach salad with apples and pecans. It was surprisingly underdressed, and under tossed. It kind of looks like just a pile of spinach. I asked for more dressing, which they graciously supplied, and all the taste in the salad were nice. My dining companions had the Ruben and the salmon entr\u00e9e, and both looked really good. The space is kind of echoey- a lot of hard surfaces for the sound to bounce off of. I appreciate that so many of their foods are locally sourced and fresh. A nice choice if you are not in a hurry, and no one in your dining party has a hearing disability", 3, 0], "XJH_Znf700SACekSC-jyeQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/16/2016", "I love Cafe Dewitt.. We have always had excellent meals here, even when we went one day about 15 minutes before they closed, and they still served a great meal. Their tomatoes chutney is AMAZING. Amazing, I say!", 5, 0], "x3U0qHjdNBlYfy3OJT9BPg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/6/2016", "In the same building as the legendary vegetarian restaurant, Moosewood.But does not deserve to be on the same continent with Moosewood, let alone the same building.It is an all purpose breakfast and lunch place.The positive feature about it (which gives it three stars rather than two) is that it is in a charming location -along a basement corridor next to a cool bookstore, cool hippie things to buy for your house stores and farther down, a cool folk music guitar store with well chosen cds.So eating there feels literary, suave and countercultural.You had better be anti-materialistic too - because the food ain't great,A cafe au lait had old stale coffee and had to be sent back.A croissant was indifferent.Soft boiled eggs were boiled just to the point of inconvenience, where the shell adhered to the egg, making it hard to open, while the yolk ran everywhere making the egg half inedible.Service was nuisancesome - with the waiter asking several times if he could take my plate - even with my still-being-eaten-breakfast clearly on the plate - and him repeating the nuisance calls even after I asked him to let me finish before coming back.(For the record, the restaurant was barely 20% full so it was not like he desperately needed my table.)There has gotta be a better breakfast someplace else.", 3, 8], "-76tJPEmZgGpehokpIMrMQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/3/2016", "Came for Sunday brunch, would come back! Note - cash only.Long wait for a table and long wait for food probably because the kitchen is so small. Food was good overall - brunch specials added a lot of variety to the menu. But omelette toppings are pre-mixed so no room for customization (i.e.: omitting the meat) unfortunately. *Correction: the omelette specials are not customizable; was informed that omelettes off the menu are customizable*On the farmhouse breakfasts, I was able to sub a small fresh fruit cup (berries banana apple) instead of the meat. Rosemary potatoes are so good! crispy red skin, soft and flavorful inside, not too saltyCornmeal pancakes would have been better off being called flapjacks. Blueberries and ricotta cream were a nice touch. The jam - think it was cherry? - was delicious, not too sweet and a little tangy. Fresh squeezed OJ was tart which I guess is a sign that it really was freshly squeezed!", 4, 0], "jgi7ShmuGHlR1ORVIdBhQA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/24/2016", "Solid. The Tunisian breakfast plate was perfectly balanced. The highlight was the lamb sausage. I asked for poached eggs instead of fried, and they were cooked right. Everything on the plate had a unique touch, down to the carrot chutney.", 4, 0], "GjqnScjUGB46HaSJIXj2gQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/3/2016", "Not happy with customer service. Forced to sit in a smaller table even when party was too big for the table. Was not provided menus when seated.", 1, 1], "75gN0FQanLwFJDb7QTY-Nw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/17/2016", "**Cash or Check only** they don't have this posted anywhere and we spent 45 minutes running around town trying to get the extra $6 in cash to pay for the meal. Breakfast ok, service super slow but they are kind.", 2, 1], "kVAiOMU9BEHnwrGYsXV1DQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/13/2016", "The service was SO slow and the food was not worth the wait. My friends omelette was served cold. Overall unenjoyable experience.", 1, 3], "yGoe7vMBLAcgXvYRpGMM9Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/1/2016", "No better than the average American diner.The waffles were generic and lacked the subtle sweetness that an amazing waffle has. This waffle needed layers of added on fruit/cream to dress it up.The bacon was really really terrible. Thick, dry, crumbly. Like a flavorless block. Little fat. So boring.Omelette was watery and doesn't come with bread. The breadbasket was cute and flavorful but was tiny. Made for two people MAX and even then just a taste.The place is terribly understaffed and a lot of the time is waiting. The venue is a bit dingy and outdated without Windows or charm.", 3, 3], "zFWwAYWXYGAWpIkwujEiFw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/15/2016", "This is our go-to brunch/breakfast place when we visit our daughter at Cornell. The food is always great. My only comment is the service is consistently slow. It could just be an Ithaca thing and we need to slow down. The staff is always wonderful and sweet just don't go if you are in a rush.", 5, 0], "kk5HmoWSDx-BE9IwxEkLwA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/17/2016", "The huevos rancheros were mediocre. There was a odd spice that left a lingering taste. A less than 4 ounce glass for water was served and not refilled. Service was poor. Waitress acted as if we were a bother although all she did was bring a glass of water,take our order,deliver the food and bring the check. Never checked to make sure everything was okay. There was no mention of the blackboard specials. I had to get up to read them myself. As much as I wanted to love this place as I like to patronize local businesses, I was very disappointed in our experience.  It will be a long time before we consider going again. If we go back I will stick to the basics on the menu.", 2, 1], "t0ijdzf8jW2TMqIY-wOwxQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/3/2016", "The food is excellent. The only problem is that one of the waitresses has OFFENSIVE body odor. She has some crazy hairstyle and I'm concerned some bugs may be jumping out of it.She also wears a sweater that reveals her unshaven armpits. I will never return to this place.", 1, 3], "BSz86anbnwp64g69V8DiWg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/26/2015", "Not much to say here. Great place to grab some food. Good menu.Atmosphere - 3Food -4Service -5Price -4", 4, 0], "BkmNEVDF_lE5dVcSMim44w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/11/2015", "Came here with friends for brunch. Service was slow but friendly. The food was absolutely incredible! I had an omelette with pesto, cheese, spinach, and tomatoes. It was easily one of the best meals I have eaten all year thus far. I would come here again.", 4, 0], "iFs8xrfwBMQyso1Twi6Pcg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/23/2015", "This place is seriously AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!! It's truly a nice little hidden gem. It's located inside the Dewitt mall, which can make it a little interesting to find, especially your first time here. Now, come prepared to wait in line. I often come, put my name on this list and then check out the local stores with my friends while we wait. You might have to wait some time but trust me it is so worth it. The food is simply delicious, you seriously can not go wrong - for real I've tried more or less everything on the menu and have yet to decide which I can truly call my favorite. PLUS most of it is local and fresh food. Overall I love this place (if you can't tell). It might be a little funky in that it is located in the middle of the mall but I like it. Tip: Do not arrive starving - there is a line and you will regret it. Arrive hungry and then let your hunger build while you wait in line and then chow down once your delicious food is served. Will save you lots of frustration!", 5, 0], "Omb6u4iCjBCgid6C6-DHPw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/14/2015", "We stopped here on Sunday morning for brunch, although by the time we ended up eating it was definitely the lunch hour. Our wait was about an hour, but since there are so few good brunch places that we could find in Ithaca, we decided to wait it out. Unfortunately the wait wasn't worth it.The menu they gave us was pretty minimal and boring, and it was only after we had finished eating that we discovered a blackboard full of better-sounding alternatives to scrambled eggs and bacon. Since we were seated behind a column we had no clue it was there, and the waitress said nothing to us about it.Service was kind of slow, and the food was definitely not worth the wait. For the price, I could have made the exact same thing at home times five. I wouldn't come here again.", 2, 1], "O65qVCvn9MFOS-sdu60ROg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/13/2015", "Had a long wait on Sunday at 12:30. Service was medium speed. Omelette was ok and florentine was excellent. Bread basket was horrible and stale.", 3, 1], "ztN7kSqJXbLftj6TqY7d1A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/31/2015", "Nice little brunch place tucked away in Dewitt Mall. The huevos rancheros off the specials board was good, though perhaps a little too heavy on the allspice. Prices are reasonable and portions were satisfying, though not huge.", 3, 2], "5bx7kyqRqyq12jgpfP6raQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/26/2015", "This is an interesting little place inside of the Dewitt Mall. The food is really really good. Fresh, local and well seasoned. I had the huevos rancheros special which I proclaimed while eating to be one of my best life decisions. Braised grass fed beef in a stewey sauce of tomato, onion, and a great balance of heat (chipotle) and sweet (cinnamon??). Service by college students was great.", 5, 0], "i-1mo4IGyofukgk3F4FpWg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/27/2015", "This place was terrible. Where do I begin?I took my family here this weekend, and it was their first time in Ithaca. There was one staff who was a little bit racist, and we waited an incredibly long time to be seated, and an even LONGER time to get talked to by a waiter. They were literally just standing around and ignoring us. What's even worse is that the place ran out of potatoes! Halfway through their brunch on a Saturday! I find that to be incredibly poor planning and poor business practice. I'm sorry I took my family there, and I'm definitely not going to go back.", 1, 1], "GTNZSsZCD4qxyIkO4FkT9A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/25/2015", "Maybe. Poor service and decent food.So when my sister made the reservation they morphed her name into something terrible, and disregarded her correction with impunity.The service was seriously slow - despite the amount of eye contact I made w the idle servers just hanging out watching. They don't take \"day of\" reservations, only for days in the future. Food was okay, definitely seemed fresh and made on the spot, though many ingredients were \"out of stock\" which limited the portion of the menu which we could order.In general is probably comparable with local standards.", 2, 2], "DVmZdCniHXdlD0PORgOsBA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/20/2015", "I really wanted to love this place. I came for the organic eggs which were good but the preparations and portions were not quite on point.My chef's breakfast was ok. Eggs were well cooked but potatoes were al dente and then burnt on one side. Did not seem like there was any cheese on my dish and I really thought it would have been tastier if the spinach were cooked. Greasy burn't/uncooked potatoes on raw spinach is an awkward combination.My companion's plate looked mostly empty. One more egg or a little more avocado would have helped. He felt underserved and disgruntled. Not sure what is the draw or why we might want to return.", 3, 1], "f81tn1KeMMMJt5QDxBnw6g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/30/2015", "Went here with my boyfriend for brunch, One of my biggest issues with this place was that we weren't approached by a waitress for a good 10+ minutes, so we were just sitting there waiting for a menu. It was really weird, and it looked like the two waitresses were either incredibly slow or just didn't care. Then it took them forever to come and take our order as well.We overheard the waitress telling another table that they don't take cards, only cash or check. So you'll have to go to the Greenstar and use their ATM and pay the 3.00 fee to take money out. While my boyfriend went to get money, the waitress was going around to a few tables to ask if they wanted a discount on their order for the \"mishap\" earlier. What mishap you ask? Oh, a mouse was in the cafe. Yes, a mouse. Since it was gone we decided to stay, but seriously gross.We got the farmhouse (something like that) breakfast $8.95 with bacon (making it $10.95). My next issue was that when our food did arrive we got TWO SKIMPY PIECES! I was kind of peeved by that, at least give a reasonable serving for that extra fee.Regardless of all these things that happened, the food was actually really good when it came out. I would definitely consider coming here again regardless of the mishaps.... and I'll be remembering to have cash on hand so I don't get jipped by the ATM again.", 3, 0], "XJ1_qZCDaFtEXtokGrIGRQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/29/2015", "I have been in Ithaca for 5 years and my worst restaurant experience was with Cafe DeWitt. My girlfriend and I went there on a Sunday and had to wait 2 hours for our food. The waitress was completely aware of the situation but avoided us for almost one hour. She pretended that she was seeing me when I waved my hand for her a few times. She finally brought the food with no explanation as to why it took them so long. My omelette was OK but my girlfriends French Toasts were the worst we have seen in our lives.", 1, 2], "4axit1LFZVaz2r2gAYStRw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/9/2015", "Maybe somebody got the memo, because when I was reluctantly dragged back by an out of town visitor, the food was still great and the service was good, friendly and efficient. I cautiously went back with someone else and it was still good! Hopeful optimism for the future:)", 4, 3], "RWW5WYK8UYkOu-Jt7rooOw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/31/2015", "Breakfast was absolutely amazing. The homemade biscuits were delectable as was the hot chocolate. Highly recommend for breakfast.", 5, 0], "b8n3Bx5jOTaA771yi4KXTQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/4/2014", "They do not stick to their hours. If they \"have a busy day\", they just close super early. The hostess was very short with us and turned us away even after we explained we had walked a long way coming solely because they advertise themselves as a brunch restaurant open later then most.", 1, 2], "vV4lfziXuqxUbQKtXp4XBw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/27/2014", "Amazinggggg food. Finally tried this place today for brunch because Moosewood was too packed. Exceptional service, every employee was super nice and attentive! My boyfriend split the ricotta stuffed french toast as an indulgence apart from our entrees, so yummy, get it without the fruit preserves :)! I got an egg-white omelette and it's nice because it's super customizable. Reasonably priced :)! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that no servers warned us it was cash only... Thankfully we had enough cash", 4, 0], "SxpzunwxN6RkAXDOFrquXw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/2/2014", "Devine pancakes and perfectly cooked over-easy eggs. Could have done without the too spicy chicken sausage. On balance, a very tasty brunch.", 4, 0], "j_VnCXxSkbQZ-T7TvM5OYQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/7/2014", "The Cafe DeWitt is likely the best cafe in Ithaca. The sandwiches, weekend brunch, service, prices, everything is excellent! The majority of the produce, meats, and breads they use are locally grown or made, and I've never had anything that wasn't absolutely delicious at this cafe. It's also a nice spot for people watching, and the staff are always polite and intuitive hosts. I highly recommend the DeWitt for a casual lunch with a friend or coworker (or on your own!), and the weekend brunch is fantastic (my family loves to go here for brunch when they're in town for a visit). Do remember to bring cash or a check with you -- no credit/debit cards are accepted (old school cool, yo)!", 5, 0], "exZCCBs86OlJAHl6OUza-Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/13/2014", "Absolutely fantastic food, especially the brunch menu. The staff are all very pleasant and the atmosphere is really nice. I feel like it's quite a hidden gem in ithaca. Highly recommended.", 4, 0], "I_LP5mfrrV0qI1F41E0xsg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/11/2014", "Had breakfast there today with my family. We ordered the honey granola yogurt and cherry onion scone with two soft boiled eggs (one of the specials). Both were delicious! The soft boiled eggs were perfectly cooked and went well with the scone. I was unsure about the scone but it turned out to be very good - sweet and savory. The cranberry jam that came with it was tart and not too sweet - just the way I like it. The granola was filling. The fruits were fresh and sweet. Service was top-notch. All in all, a wonderful experience here.", 5, 0], "Lwu8xSiboox6xIhgz3LOtA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/12/2014", "Great fresh breakfast in Ithaca dewitt mall. The wait was long but they brought us coffee to enjoy. Food was tasty and creative menu options. The specials menu was extensive and fun.", 5, 0], "5T6kCYZfrjflARueu4f0_g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/11/2014", "Decent place to get brunch in Ithaca, and it has a pretty nice staff.I got an omelette, and you can choose up to three things to include in it. I had bacon, cheddar, and avocado. The bacon and cheddar went together with the egg nicely, though the avocado pieces kept falling out.Coffee is pretty good too but a little pricey for a really small cup.They don't take cards, so bring cash or checks. This is probably the only place I've ever seen take checks but not cards...", 3, 1], "KceOKcRQAEBsrqXRI1cj-g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/14/2014", "We came on a Wednesday morning, and it was slow. Despite the slowness, the servers weren't extremely attentive nor did they alert us that it was cash only until we were about to pay. The food was pretty good though. I had an omelette and my husband had the Tex Mex. The atmosphere was stark.", 2, 1], "agdj9pDZ3G0472huwDKMNQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/27/2014", "Best brunch in town!I go here almost every weekend, and love it every time. Staff is super friendly and the food is delicious. If you go around noon on a weekend, expect a wait! (but totally worth it)", 5, 0], "vaPxljMWVHjLBHoACUZm-w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/29/2014", "Hands down the best brunch in Ithaca. They always have such unique specials. If you're a egg person the special omelets are killer and always have a lot of veggies! They serve Gimme! Coffee which is delicious. One of my favorite things are their rosemary potatoes and I don't even normally like potatoes.", 5, 0], "lYvij2I3rV_QPCcVMrXdZw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/7/2014", "Hands down the best food in Ithaca. Five stars for the food. The flavors are consistently well balanced, and everything is always fresh. It's clear that the chef (cook?) truly understands the ingredients. I've enjoyed literally every dish I've had at Cafe Dewitt.The ambience is off because of the setup, and the service is slow, occasionally sassy. It's true. But the food is so delicious that it makes up for these shortcomings. I haven't been to Ithaca in a while (found this review just now, guess I never posted it) but ate here at least once a month, and always looked forward to my next visit.", 5, 0], "sxUEzDWgG4RZhTaI4MNW9A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/19/2013", "Great food, service is 'eh.' They don't take cash, but there's an Alternatives ATM in Greenstar (attached), so don't worry if you forget halfway through the meal.", 4, 0], "OSnxj-FkzOs79d2cgY1ygg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/1/2013", "Avoid if you have young children. They are not child friendly and ghettoize families with little ones, making you wait until the one designated table on the margin becomes vacant!", 1, 4], "YTK1n7WPLIs0ORonNltabw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/10/2013", "It's our third time visit but the first time to get in. There were long lines for the first two vists(the first visit we got there at 10:30 and the second visit we got there at exactly 10am when they just open. But the place was all filled both times!!!) So this time we get there at 9:40 and there was still a short line in front of us... We had to say that we are so lucky to get in this time...What a crazy place... My friend got the special lemon pancake and it's truly AMAZING. I got the Eggs Benedict. It's great but a little too greasy for me. Another friend ordered the pancake, and she thought it's okay. The Belgium hot chocolate was sweet and tasty. The services were all very efficient and we were served with all the food within 7 or 8 minutes after ordering. Seeing the long line waiting, we felt a bit bad to enjoy the brunch for too long, so we were out like 10:40. In general, the food is great but might not worth the long wait or getting up early on Sunday.We might wanna try it another time for lunch. Hopefully there won't be a long wait for lunch =P", 3, 1], "L_QgjVIb-rOA4mq1S66Tyg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/28/2013", "If you're judging by the food quality this is definitely the best brunch in Ithaca!The food is super local. One of my favorite items is the ricotta stuffed French toast with berry coulis that's often on special. It's very rich so I often split this and something else with another person. Way way better than carriage house's brie stuffed French toast with berry coulis.They also had corn waffles with peaches on special once that were the best waffles I've ever had.I also highly recommend the Belgian hot chocolate.They have chicken sausage, which is great for me because I don't eat red meat or pork but still occasionally want some meat with my brunch.The atmosphere isn't too fancy.The only drawback I can think of is that sometimes there's a long wait but it's totally worth it!", 5, 1], "ZKxnonqfHL_6ZtK4cwQCQg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/29/2013", "CashOnly,Good food butBe warned of longLines, slow service, and mall-like atmosphere", 3, 2], "pW-BtAGjAvxj0VY36Ofe1w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/6/2013", "Food was good. Service was very slow. The staff was working hard and polite but seemed overwhelmed by the crowd. They could have used some help.", 2, 1], "80HaC77aGvdtJqhXtw73pg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/8/2013", "This place is a super crowded brunch location with some fun dishes. The Ithaca hype about this place is a bit too much for the quality though. While I have had some good brunches here, I find their food a bit too greasy for this style of cuisine. Now don't get me wrong, I love my diner grease, and my chinese takeout grease, but just not my quaint sunday brunch grease ... sorry for the double standard folks. They do have a good combination of sweet and savory items to please all palates and I still do go here time to time, but it just isn't worth the line.", 3, 3], "1h3Ot0_A17EjCD_mhaVu_w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/28/2013", "It's the real deal for lunch. The Lucretia panini with the local ch\u00e8vre, artichoke, etc. is no joke. Local ingredients well prepared at a fair price. No alcohol.", 5, 0], "JtAqDkjl-SuNJI_9eHQ4aQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/25/2013", "This is a great place for morning brunch in Ithaca other than Agava. I really like their eggs florentine, definitely amazing.", 5, 0], "zv7mRgRILO00zyT60kIirg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/29/2013", "we originally were trying to go to the carriage house, but after we were told it would be an hour long wait we came here. i'm glad we did. it's very cute inside with twinkly fairy lights hung everywhere. i will say that it gets super crowded-we went for sunday brunch- and our waitress wasn't very attentive. we ordered a bread basket (which was absolutely delicious-such amazing bread) but we didn't get it until i had to remind the waitress, while other people had already gotten their food when we'd gotten there before them!!! i mean, we were a party of 5, whereas the people who got their food was a party of two, but there was no excuse for the bread basket to not arrive. however, the bread was soft and light and delicious. and we love/know our bread. the corn bread was so light and sweet and delicious. however, i could tell there was quite a bit of butter in the bread, because afterwards i was feeling sick (i'm mildly lactose intolerant) i ordered the beverly omelet, with egg white which came so light and fluffy. the potatoes on the side were also very good. i ordered the garlic salsa which is meh, and not really worth the extra dollar or two. my mom got the lemon souffle waffles, my friend got the eggs benedict, my sister got stuffed french toast, and my dad got eggs and ham. all in all, delicious food, mediocre service.", 4, 0], "mZHIDCwxwZREdJVR8Kz1Wg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/6/2013", "BEST BRUNCH in Ithaca, we've been here so many times and everything is delicious every time. They always have great specials that are unique but are still comfortable and simple (eg. bacon, caramelized onions, roasted grapes in an omelette), and the standards are always great (stuffed french toast, APPLE SAUSAGE POTATO HASH). I don't think we've ever had a bad meal here out of easily a dozen meals.It is in the DeWitt Mall basement, so the environment is pretty simple, and overall it is clean and comfortable. Yes, the service is slow and there are usually moderate wait times for a table, but that is because it is usually full of people. However, I have never had any problems with the wait staff, and although they do not come by the table often, they are helpful and easy enough to get ahold of. Mainly, Cafe DeWitt is entirely about the food, and it is so delicious I cannot see how one would regret coming here.", 5, 1], "ZaPWtd-CKGomyuuTQ4em3Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/26/2013", "Go for brunch! The service on weekend is still decent, although you might have to wait for a table. Speaking of, the tables are just sort of in a hallway, a pretty relaxed atmosphere. They usually have some interesting items that you wouldn't see on an ordinary brunch menu.", 4, 0], "dCMijI9T4nqqqvhAMztAMA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/30/2012", "The best brunch place in Ithaca. The food here is simple but elegant. They try to source their ingredients locally when possible and they even list the farms on the menu. The locally sourced bacon and ham are delicious. Must get: the Rosemary Garlic Roasted Potatoes. It's part of the Chef's Plate or you can order it as a side. The ingredients are simple but somehow it's so much better than all the other roasted potatoes I've tried. It has great full flavors and the potatoes are cooked just right, not too dry or too mushy. On the Specials one morning, I tried this toasted garlic-braised kale and ham sandwich with chevre. It was to die for. I'm sad it's not a regular item on the menu. Other than that, I have also tried the crab cakes. It was pretty good and I like that many of their dishes came with a good side salad. I've only been here for brunch on the weekdays when it's nice and quiet and you can get seated right away. It does get hectic on the weekends so it's best to get there right when they open at 10am if you don't want to wait too long. Note: it's cash only, so be prepared.", 4, 3], "q3JfB5RgvQp0cqimwjfIjg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/25/2012", "The food here is pretty good, we came for brunch after Thanksgiving, our wait was only a few minutes. If you are not an egg eater it is pretty difficult to get anything on the breakfast side of things. I opted for a mozzarella basil concoction on french bread which was quite good. The highlight was the side of roasted rosemary potatoes I ordered- Very good! The rest of my brunch party had omelettes- one was unimpressed with the lack of shrimp and sausage in the omelets given those were the first 2 ingredients touted on the menu. Service is a bit spotty and we did have quite a wait for our food to come out. At the end of our meal we saw quite a line forming for tables. It made me wonder is this the best Ithaca has to offer? It's not really great but it's not bad food either. Prices are a little steep for the actual quality of the meal.", 3, 1], "TZPXvaqmfDiv6LOBGxyzCA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/6/2012", "Pros: EXCELLENT brunch food, definitely the best in townCons: the wait can be long, the ambience is very 90's because it's in the Dewitt MallGo because the food is fantastic. I recommend the Tunisian Plate, any of the omelettes or the Huevos Rancheros if you're stopping by. Give yourself time for a leisurely brunch-- as mentioned, the service can be slow when it's busy and there can be wait (usually 15-20 mins). This is my go-to brunch place because I think the quality of the food makes up for everything else.", 4, 0], "U75f0Qm9xVJ9lkYxLwUYZg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/20/2012", "During its busy hours, the service was not good. They seated us at a table behind a big column. And the waitress kept walking by us without taking orders. People who sat down after us got their orders taken before we did. Definitely had better food and service at other restaurants in ithaca, such as the mahogany grill, carriage house cafe. Aside from the serivce, the food was decent i would say, but so are brunch at other places. Personally, won't go back to visit this place again.", 2, 1], "I1mNcRGE3nvaDrugl0d-2Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/23/2012", "3.5 stars....I've been to Cafe Dewitt on three occasions and their food is solid. I've gotten the Lemon Souffle Pancakes with blackberries, the Omelette Oliver with Dill Walnut Pesto, chives, tarragon parsley and feta, and the Omelette Acapulco with cheddar, avocado and homemade salsa and each one is exactly as amazing as it sounds (although I'd have to say the Acapulco is my favorite.) They have a revolving menu of specials and their coffee is always spot on. I've never tried this place for lunch, but I imagine it is probably equally delicious. Oh, you should also get the bread basket (which used to be free, boo) which is awesome and full of homemade corn bread, scones, etc. etc. My only issue aside from the no longer free bread basket, is that the service is spotty at best. It was the worst yesterday when there were no water/coffee refills unless we flagged out waitress down, which was pretty annoying. Also, we waited close to a half hour for our food (really?!?) Although in the kitchen's defense, when we were there, there were two dudes stuck in a tiny closet-like kitchen looking like a well-oiled machine, which was kind of impressive in itself. Oh, one more thing, cash or check only... guess that knocks them down another half star, you should probably go anyway though, the food is totally worth these petty annoyances.", 3, 1], "fDxUEnCqfI3zTzmtDnajFw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/18/2012", "3.5 starsIt's not the food that gets Cafe DeWitt 3.5 stars. To speak in general terms about the food, it's always been excellent. Omelets are fluffy and perfectly filled with just the right amount of stuff. Great choices. Home fries are crispy, flavorful, not greasy. Coffee is dark roast and good, refilled frequently. The option of fresh squeezed o.j. is always nice and, overall, the menu, including specials are a neatly contained pantheon of good quality, locally sourced foods that you want to eat for breakfast, lunch or brunch. They don't try to do too much in their tiny space, and what they do they do well. Portions are just right, plates are attractively presented. In sum, there is nothing that smacks of Denny's of the place, including the quaint location. Negative: The service. Blas\u00e9, inattentive, and strange for so few tables easily in view -- there are mirrors everywhere. Maybe they rest on the food and the central location to bring back customers. A typical example: The restaurant is not busy, so our hip and social server is across the not-very-big room talking with his back to us to two girls, apparently friends, who are at another table. I have Squirmy Kid with me, and it's Time to Leave. I'm sending pointed looks over in their direction for maybe 10 minutes, hoping the his friends will alert him that a customer wants something. Instead, they shoot me \"WTF is she looking at?!?\" looks and say nothing to him. Eventually he wanders over, oblivious. Expect this. The place is often jammed. What's another customer or two?Positive: I went with my mom mid-week around 11. No wait, fantastically attentive and conscientious server! Sweet! Wonderful food, as usual. Also: I don't think it's too pricey for what you get by the way. It's the quality and the menu that keeps me coming back.", 3, 6], "EOLwHxD2M-Kax2VgcsyVsg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/22/2012", "I love Cafe Dewitt! I go here almost every weekend with my boyfriend because we live right up the road. We have tried almost everything on the menu and except for one dish, it's all been delicious. I can't really tell the difference, but my boyfriend's only complaint is that the coffee could be better.The only reason I give it 4 stars is because there are a lot of places like Cafe Dewitt in big cities, but for Ithaca it is certainly special. The owner, a German lady, is really great. I saw her speak at Standard Art Supply and it was great to learn more about her philosophy on food and nourishment.Most definitely a better place to go to than Moosewood (nobody paid me to write that)!Definitely try the \"energy drink,\" it's like a delicious green smoothie!", 4, 0], "uJzn7rAt23VZcyBb5mEP4A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/25/2012", "My favorite place in Ithaca for brunch. The food is fresh tasting, and there are always new specials. I've gone there quite a bit since I moved here, and it's always a pleasant experience.", 5, 0], "-Bc9CdtLkIIANxstB_LaeA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/25/2012", "Cafe Dewitt is great for breakfast! The desserts are also wonderful. If you ever see the marzipan torte you have to get it! Also bring cash. They don't except card.", 4, 1], "Lwsyo6F67J-xKnthLyBONA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "1/29/2012", "The service is incredibly slow. The food is overpriced and hit or miss, sometimes very good, sometimes mediocre. Their gazpacho is the worst I've ever tasted. The portion sizes are also variable. Sometimes they give you enough food, and sometimes they label and price something an entree that really should be considered a small appetizer. If this happens, budget for paying for two entrees to get a decent lunch.", 2, 1], "P6x8fLitkGuJCCGwM6s7YQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/6/2011", "You don't come to Caf\u00e9 DeWitt if you want a quick meal or typical ambiance. I'm not going to dispute anything that others have said in this regard - it's a caf\u00e9 in a basement in which there are often long lines to be seated. If you're okay with sometime waiting a bit and, window views aren't your first qualification when it comes to come food, come to Caf\u00e9 DeWitt. If not, Carriage House on Stewart has a good brunch (though also often has long waits) as does Simply Red Bistro at La Tourelle (pricier and more full of itself).So, you don't mind waiting sometimes and you're okay with not having a window view, what can you expect out of Caf\u00e9 DeWitt?:-Really, good creative specials --they're not always your typical brunch fare, but among the often offbeat ingredients of the specials, there are always one or two gems. The lemon zest blueberry pancakes and some of the omelets are my favorites - though read the omelet ingredients carefully, they often contain a handful of unexpected ones. -Good standard fare - if you feel like an egg sandwich, or just eggs and potatoes and toast, it's all solid. -Good people watching-seriously, the place if full of hipsters, college kids and local Ithacans. It's fun to watch people and wonder what they're up to. -Fun fishtanks. Though I wish they decorated them a bit more.", 4, 5], "l8C2r3twPn975Uz4Z8xrfQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "8/10/2011", "Overall not the worst place in town, quite nice food. I wanted to echo the comments about the poor service. In contrast to the friendly, attentive staff at the Carriage House Cafe, this was a shock. It's a shame, because the food is good.", 3, 1], "KDfA8AP1NQwePy1KHS0y4w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/29/2011", "3.5 starsGreat place for brunch. It's a little pricey, and the service is a little slow but I think it's worth trying. You don't feel rushed to leave and can enjoy catching up over some delicious food.", 3, 2], "uJp4uAYlu3BdjkyC4BkZQg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/12/2011", "After the closure of the beloved ABC Cafe and then its reincarnation, The Giving Tree Cafe, the discovery of Cafe Dewitt was a welcome surprise for me. Though it does not have the cool, rustic ambiance of ABC/Giving Tree, their brunch menu is highly superior. Everything I've had there is scrumptious, but if I had to choose a favorite it would be their eggs florentine: A perfectly poached egg coated with hollandaise laid over a bed of spinach and rosemary foccacia? Yes, please! I will, however, order the lemon souffle pancakes when my sweet tooth calls. As many of the other reviewers have noted, this place is packed at brunch-time, so get up early--you won't be sorry! Food like this is why breakfast is my favorite meal!", 4, 3], "d1NQ5AQqzodFEpSDbXaFaQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/7/2011", "The food is are ok here but the service really stinks. If you enjoy eating in a windowless old mall with hippie servers that have an attitude come to Cafe Dewitt. example of their stellar service: me: do you have orange juice?hippie: yes, fresh squeezed and tropicaname: well what's the difference in price?hippie: um...one is more expensive...Also my boyfriend and I both got terrible heartburn, which is not something i suffer from regularly.", 2, 9], "v5mGzC3Sxpn45Y5A59rv1A": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/4/2011", "This place goes into my top 5 absolute WORST experiences at a restaurant. Food was decent, though nothing to write home about, and would normally warrant 3-stars from me if not for the incredibly rude and disorganized staff. We arrived at 10 AM for Sunday brunch and were told it would be a 20 minute wait as there were 3 or 4 other parties waiting for a table. We had an appointment at noon and decided to wait. What was supposed to take 20 minutes took over an hour! An older couple came in 15 minutes after us and was called to get seated with only a 10 or 15 minute wait. I went up to the hostess to remind her we had been waiting for 30 minutes and that I didn't understand how the couple should be seated before us. She defensively told me it was because they had a table available for a party of 2, not 4 - yet she sat them at a table with 4 chairs! Then, as we started to get anxious given our noontime appointment, I noticed that 2 tables in the restaurant were just sitting empty for some time. Again, I went to ask the hostess why they weren't seating those tables and ask if we could take them. She informed me that she was waiting for those parties to return! Return?! We had been waiting for nearly an hour at this point and they were holding tables for people that might have left!? I almost lost my cool here, but then, after more than an hour waiting, we were finally seated. Now, I also have a food allergy to nuts, which I have found it is good practice to always inform your server in advance. When coffee and bread was brought out, I told our server who then informed me that some, but not all, of the bread had nuts and simply took it away. Upon her return, she informed me that they wouldn't serve me anything from the griddle or fryer (which is the entire menu)! Now, I have dined at enough restaurants to know that this is completely unreasonable and unnecessary. I have never had a restaurant basically refuse me service because of my allergy - they always (and I mean always, this was a first) find a way to accommodate me in a reasonable way (like cook my meal in a separate fry pan for instance). So after waiting more than hour and stressing about my appointment at noon, I sat down and was treated to a bowl of cold cereal - which they still charged me for!!! Unbelievable - as a student in this town, I have told all my friends of this story and encouraged them not to visit. Horrible.", 1, 10], "uEfwT9nfqulvWnfJoWEG8Q": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/24/2011", "I'm on a two week trip in Ithaca and I've eaten at Cafe Dewitt every day for the last week. I keep thinking I should try other places, but after a mediocre experience at Ithaca Bakery, I'd rather stick to what I know is delicious.I haven't had any problems with the service, and I've been there during the very busy Sunday brunch twice. The prices are quite reasonable, averaging around $11 for me.My only complaint is that the omelet size is reduced by maybe 60% when you order it made with egg whites, especially since there is a $1 upcharge.Even with that downside, the flavor is worth it.", 4, 1], "uRZmNTeFsa6lsHEfBitRYg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "2/6/2011", "Cafe DeWitt is a Euopean-style cafe situated on the first floor of DeWitt Mall. They don't accept credit cards, and the service can be spotty, but they food is usually delicious, and if you imagine away the fish tank and the Lite-Brite things along the banquette, you could be on a sidewalk in Amsterdam.They do have creative and tasty specials, and I am rarely disappointed. Their French Toast is a favorite of mine, served with 2 fried eggs and bacon, making it a filling breakfast and a very good deal. Someone else here mentioned a bread basket that comes with brunch - they either don't do that any more, or they didn't give us one. I don't recall ever getting a bread basket at brunch there, though.I usually love CafeDeWitt, but my experience yesterday makes me think they might be slipping. I ordered the Omelette Hans, which comes with home-fried potatoes and toast. The potatoes came up rather dry, with the edges burned, and my omelette was thick and rubbery. Maybe they had a different chef that morning, but it wasn't up to the quality standard I associate with Cafe DeWitt.Overall - this used to be a consistently great place for lunch/brunch, but now, you take your chances: you might get an exceptional experience or a so-so one.", 3, 1], "KoHszyBAUyETYtj9_dDYxQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/23/2010", "The brunch here is great despite the crowded atmosphere and lackadaisical service. Be prepared to pay at least $15 (cash only) per person. My husband can't stand it here for that very reason so I only go with friends.They always offer creative daily specials which all sound delicious and can make deciding what to eat a time consuming endeavor. Today I finally settled on the morning glory breakfast sandwich which consisted of a scrambled egg with bacon, cheddar and tomato chutney on multi-grain bread. Sounded pretty basic but tasted AMAZING!If you are a brunch lover, this is the place to go in Ithaca.", 4, 2], "n-pllLrB3VL9bGfQ_Zedbg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/18/2010", "I was not impressed. One can get much better food and much, much better service for the same price (or less) at Carriage House, up the hill. At Cafe Dewitt, coffee refills were not only not free but unreasonably priced (over $2 a cup for a small cup standard drip); the \"specials\" ran around $10 or more for smallish portions of uninspired American breakfast food; and I felt like we were inconveniencing the waitresses with our presence. In conclusion, go to Carriage House for a nice breakfast out instead.", 2, 1], "Yy2qsXYA4wQwWVlj_tGK5g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/8/2010", "The girlfriend and I had gone for a late-breakfast at 10am this past Monday and were more or less delighted that we had.We had seemed to have hit one of the \"magical\" lulls when we went since there weren't very many people at all, and we definitely did not have to stand in a line to be seated (as instructed by the signs), as some other reviews commented about the place tending to be jacked all the time. I guess we got lucky.The menu wasn't exactly what one could call \"expansive\" but they seem to put an interesting twist on every dish--at least for their breakfast choices.I had ordered the Farmhouse: 2 eggs, toast with jam, and homestyle rosemary red potatoes. Oh how I do love an interesting-yet-simple potato dish, and, those were by-far some of the best and most surprising breakfast potatoes I've eaten. Very unique. The rest of the plate was done well, too.My Farmhouse deliciously pictured:yelp.com/biz_photos/33nf\u2026The atmosphere was a touch on the skeevy-side it's true, but by the nature of the mall complex you are basically within the confines of a building with shops and restaurants attached around the edges and around the core of the walk-about and as such, so too is DeWitt with maybe a dozen tables seated inside its open-air style cafe setting (its walls lined with an interesting aquarium setup) and a line of tables planted along the outside of the mall's indoor walkway where shoppers parade through, but overall that was fine as the mall itself isn't exactly booming from what we experienced.If we're in the area again, I think this would definitely be an option for us.", 4, 0], "y1sO-UC0HcySw0guVwsAmg": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "4/10/2010", "Cafe Dewitt is a little pricey for lunch, considering you're sitting in an open mall (a cool mall, but still a mall). However - this is one example of getting what you pay for - the food is phenomenal! I had the corn chowder (the soup of the day) and I literally wanted to lick the bowl clean. My egg salad sandwich was also perfect - a great amount of egg, mayo and spices on fresh, homemade bread. The warm drinks aren't bad either.Bottom line - it's worth the extra $5 for a truly exceptional lunch experience.", 4, 2], "E5lwZ-Xo1_CpWGSV0XoK4w": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "3/20/2010", "I've been here about 8 times. I love the food. It's always fresh and interesting and delicious. The service is hit and miss, and there is a big hallway in between the main dining area and a few other tables. When they stick me on the far side of the hallway, I feel like I'm eating my food outside on a crowded street...and not in a good way.", 4, 1], "ZpVNNoQEDpBKLKMo37g4OA": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "12/27/2009", "I will NEVER eat here again-and not for the food. I just experienced one of the worst brunch, no wait, dining outings of my life. Eating a breakfast sandwich from McDonald's would have resulted in friendlier treatment from the owners-I am sure Ronald McDonald would have been more gracious and happy to have our business.I am visiting family in Ithaca and as a former server at Cafe Dewitt I like to stop in on my trips home and sample what used to be the best brunch place in town. I took my brother here for breakfast this morning and we had a very nice breakfast-the food is good, I won't knock that. And our server was friendly and attentive. My mother then joined us as we were finishing our meals and ordered a very unique omelet that was quite delicious-that is until she was halfway finished with it and the owners wife/hostess marched over and announced rudely to us that I would have to leave at that moment (I believe the sentence was \"You're going to have to leave now\") because she couldn't seat a table next to us as we were \"crowding\" them. She continued to bully us to leave, towering over us at the table (until we just asked for the check) and turned what was a fun pleasant brunching experience into one that will certainly not be forgotten for all of the wrong reasons. Let me recap, we were all paying customers who were enjoying our dining experience until we were asked to leave while one of our dining companions was still enjoying her meal. I guess we overstayed our welcome at the cafe, no worries, we won't ever be back. But you know what they say, a satisfied customer tells two people how much they enjoyed their experience, a disgruntled customer will tell ten.", 1, 19], "YEasGcjn4ns2dYasFeB9YQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/4/2009", "The food here is excellent. I would have given it five stars except I think they need to ramp up their regular menu a little bit. The two times I've been there I've had the specials which were excellent. I can't quite remember exactly what I had now that I think about it but they were both savory and delicious. Yes delicious isn't the most descriptive word but it'll have to do for now. One thing I do remember was the hash. It was a mixture of potatoes and sweet potatoes with a flavorful curry added to it. Awesome. Best piece of advice is to get here early so they don't run out of stuff and you can actually get a table w/out waiting forever. I also think they need to sharpen the wait staff somewhat. I think they're all doing too many wasted moves (I worked in a restaurant for a while). I think this is some of the best in Ithaca.", 4, 0], "kctlmnBPJRCNysH2867W6g": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "10/22/2009", "The atmosphere is absolutely awful. There can be incredibly long waits. But damn their brunch is good. I once had creme brulee french toast that was out of this world (similarly to most of their french toast/pancake concoctions). The omelettes never disappointed and the service is always good. If you can tolerate the surroundings, it is a great place for brunch. Get there early, because sometimes they run out of exactly what you would have ordered (which sucks).", 4, 1], "0OxDlaPunFShn-IZLmqARQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "6/27/2009", "Breakfast with the fishies! A friend took me here for a lovely Saturday brunch -- 10:30, no wait, cute little table in the corner surrounded by goldfish and adorable bottom-feeders. At the recommendation of the table next to us I ordered the apple hash and YES Waiching W. -- it IS all you've described and more! I love this new greasy spoon favorite -- delicious egg, sweet apple, running together with some red potato, sopped up with some yummy multigrain toast.  The coffee though...Moving on, awesome brunch place for my once-in-a-while travails with Southeast Asian Studies friends in Ithaca!!", 4, 1], "pjoWCqw2M1MuN2wIPSZxAQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "5/22/2009", "This is neat cafe with an unlikely location but they manage to pull of something unique that suits the Ithaca scene. I think that if lived in the Dewitt building I would surely eat here every day. In fact, when you dine there, you will notice how heavy their crowd of regulars is. I think one of my favorite moments there was a server very nonchalantly headed towards a blind patron as he approached, taking his arm and leading him right to a table (it seemed pretentious upon first site for me, since the cafe is essentially in a hallway between all of the first floor shops and is not always a person's destination when walking through - but it became clear that this was the man's intention). She knew what he wanted but asked politely if he wanted something different that day. It was clear that he is there often, and that the staff know and treat him well.The menu has the appearance of being healthy - I couldn't vouch for whether or not this is actually the case, but I tend to want to go to the Dewitt Cafe when I don't want fried or otherwise greasy food (ok I always want fried and greasy food - I should say that I go there when my *husband* wants to eat a healthier meal). Portions are on the smaller side in comparison to most restaurants - but of course in other words, this means that they bring you about as much as you actually want to eat, instead of a gluttunous portion that ends up with half of it going to waste. I enjoy the food here - it is simple and it is well done. The regular menu items as well as the many specials are always good. In fact, I don't believe that I have ever had a bad meal there. And I love the desserts - I think this is where they excel the most. The variety is key - a dessert menu that always changes is a way to guarantee that I will appreciate a restaurant! (don't even get me started on some of the restaurants in town that change their small dessert menus only once every 5+ years!).The service is interesting. I know, not an adjective that a manager would want to be hear as the only descriptor. It is beyond laid back - it is almost aloof. Everything ends up happening fast enough, but you just always wait a little longer than you want to, or seems necessary. In some ways I appreciate that it's not a hustle and bustle crazy scene (seeing servers run marathons around you can be rather distracting in its own way), but especially when the cafe is packed (on weekends!), you just start to wonder why there isn't a little more jump in their step. It's not a huge issue for me, but again, I just find it interesting.Prices are perfect, if not generous. Be aware though that they do not take credit cards! They'll take checks, but who carries checks around these days? (well I suppose I do, but only because Gimme also does not take credit cards!).", 4, 4], "W-H62fiNRccEbyY_JpQdvQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "7/9/2008", "A great brunch with tons of daily specials. Some of the lightest, fluffiest omelettes I've ever had.", 4, 0], "KfNOQIBkmfbDJ8ODF3wPUw": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "11/4/2007", "The long wait and the frenetic ambiance aren't especially appealing, but the eggs are quite nice, the yogurt fresh and the coffee keeps coming.", 4, 1], "JuegK0JPQeOuvBwU-VA2fQ": ["Yelp", "Cafe Dewitt", "9/25/2007", "I am honored to be the first to review this hidden gem in Ithaca! If you haven't tried it, I would camp out (or at least wait until their next business hours) for it. Located in the same small DeWitt Mall as Moosewood Restaurant, this cafe is a must for Ithacans and the like. They are best for their Saturday and Sunday brunch, but they serve other days as well. Be sure to call for hours. They have specials everyday written on blackboard and all very delicious! If I could give special six Yelp stars, this would be the place. Please read what others have the say:1. Hidden inside downtown Ithaca's small DeWitt Mall, Cafe DeWitt serves up delicious breakfast, lunch, and dessert fare with a European flare. Lined with fish tanks, mirrors, and odd lite-brite installations, the cafe looks a bit like a small, modern cafeteria. While the cafe isn't strictly vegetarian, the veggie options on their menu stand out in terms of quality. They serve up lots of egg dishes, pastries, and pannini sandwiches. Plus their desserts are amazing. Not the best place for vegans, but good if you eat dairy and eggs.2. Located in the same downtown Ithaca shopping center as the Moosewood Restaurant, this Euro style cafe excels at brunch fare. The place is somewhat easy to miss - the space is kind of open-air towards the back of the DeWitt Mall. The mirrors and fish tanks make it look like there's more to the space than just the eating area.The food at Cafe DeWitt is excellent. Their egg dishes are great and the veggie pannini I had was delicious. I think their pastries are made fresh every morning. The dessert menu is also mouth-watering. I had a yummy lemon pound cake, but the day I was there they also offered lavender creme brulee, some special meringue cakes, a couple of chocolate items, and some locally made ice cream.Cafe DeWitt only does breakfast and lunch, so you have to get there before they close in early afternoon. Big thumbs up from me!Source: vegguide.org/vendor/view\u2026", 5, 6]}
{"utL3MheE6cqSROPzCWe9cQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/17/2018", "Very traditional Chinese dishes, out performing most among local counterparts. Spicy pot was so impressive while sushi was not bad. Small dishes were also quite impressive. Good ambience. Fine place to chat with friends.", 5, 0], "J-QipQ-C25O1JWaTofcgww": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/30/2018", "This was a terrible restaurant located at 2300 N Triphammer Rd in Ithaca, NY. It was pricey and I ordered seafood tempura to go. When I got home and opened it I found several different types of seafood soaked in grease. It had been dipped in light batter and it was wet, limp, and undercooked. I ordered two egg rolls. I think that is pretty clear. One plus one equals two. Instead they gave me two orders of two egg rolls. So I got four undercooked soggy egg rolls and the price was doubled. The salad was in a tiny styrofoam container and was a mound of old looking lettuce with a slice of cucumber unceremoniously tossed on top.I could not eat any if it and immediately threw it out. The woman working there was clean and friendly. I hope she has thick skin because I'm sure she gets a lot of complaints.", 1, 0], "d-2XriVQtGTiDCubw4BkPA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/16/2018", "Giving it one star for having chairs and tables and a door to walk through. TERRIBLE service. Food is mediocre. If you are looking for decent/edible sushi, go across the street to Sumo. I really wanted to like this place because it's a bit more charming than Sumo, but seriously don't waste your time and money eating here. Service is absolutely terrible! Waiters are rude and unfriendly. If you have ever eaten good/quality sushi....this place will certainly disappoint even the lowest of expectations.", 1, 0], "WUAnr5bNywnhIvv_OhQlyA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "5/12/2018", "This is without a doubt the worst experience my family and I have ever had the displeasure to sit through. We came for my sister's law school graduation celebration dinner. It is safe to assume everyone came in with high spirits. The dinner started off with a very rude waiting staff. They seated us at a very sticky table. It remained sticky despite their best efforts to wipe it down. But wait, there's more! Halfway through the meal, one of the waitresses spilled hot oil on my uncle. Not only was she unapologetic, but she immediately disappeared because she knew she had made a mistake. Not another five minutes passed when another waiter spilled a drink on my father's jacket and proceeded to pull a disappearing act of his own. We ended up not having any service for the rest of the entire meal because there were only two waiters working. The manager was apologetic for her workers, but the damage had already been done. We were able to overlook the subpar food because this is Ithaca and not NYC or some other culinary giant. We were open to overlook the spills because accidents do happen. We cannot however, forgive unapologetic, rude waiters who do not own up to their mistakes. Suffice to say, this restaurant ruined not only our meal, but a perfectly happy memory for my family.", 1, 3], "Cu8x-iIM9vWtnNkj-yRcKA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/21/2018", "I have never dined in here, so this review is for their take-out experience. In terms of the food, their sushi is very average. The rolls they offer are pretty mainstream. The freshness of the fish they use seems OK. I ordered their eggplant in sauce one time, and it was very salty and swimming in the sauce, so the eggplant was fairly soggy in texture.Their actual service for carry-out is poor. The time I ordered the hot eggplant side along with sushi, they put the eggplant container under the sushi container and so the sushi was warm when I picked it up and was pretty off-putting. There was another time I asked for extra ginger with my sushi and upon picking up the order, there was hardly three shreds of ginger-very disappointing. For quick sushi that is very basic and average and cheap, this is your place. But for anything more than that, I would not recommend Mitsuba.", 3, 0], "z6Ibylr98aluM-iw_B1AzA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/2/2017", "Very delicious food, super nice service! We were served with free fried chicken(on trial)", 5, 0], "lnSbNwstH-w-iL0Q5KgNHQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/15/2017", "I was very disappointed in our visit. First the good. We ordered 8 rolls, a wide variety. American, volcano, spicy tuna, and so forth. We liked them all. Good presentation, good taste. Also liked the pork and shrimp dumplings. But that was all that was good. We ordered apps, and I asked they come before the sushi. The dumplings came out before, the edamame came out mid rolls, which we didn't order, and the soft crab came out well after we had finished dinner. It was cold and doughy. Two people in our group got chicken pad Thai, which was awful. Totally the wrong flavor profile. The service was the most disappointing aspect. Took 12 mins after we had seated for the waiter to even come over to the table. And that's just because I turned around in my chair and kept staring at him. No one removed one dirty dish from the table at any time we were there. Very poor service. Also, they don't have a full bar as their sign says, and when I ordered a glass of wine, it's was completely oxidized and undrinkable. I suggest going elsewhere.", 2, 0], "vlt_OWskKZU91M3Mdh-7VA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/14/2017", "Great reasonably priced sushi! We came for a quick lunch and found an awesome deal for a sashimi lunch combo with miso soup and salad. The sashimi was beautifully displayed and delicious! We also had a seaweed salad and a crab salad- both wonderful, light, and yummy!", 5, 1], "gqoMNNIzRuSjg5IUExYrFQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/26/2017", "I ordered take out and It was decent sushi, however I wasn't overly impressed. It was a Sunday night though so I'll probably try it out again at least one more time before making my final judgement. I'd recommend not ordering when it gets closer to closibg, especially on an off night.", 3, 1], "NVpzXULL6nwCjDmysLfPvA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/26/2017", "Acceptable sushi but nothing outstanding. I've been to different Mitsuba franchise locations and this was the least impressive by a long shot.", 2, 1], "rLwK9toHg_bdEyk2cJCRaw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/13/2016", "I ordered the Eel Maki roll, which was lovely. Also the sushi that comes free with dinner is delicious. I ordered the salmon teriyaki. The flavors were really nice, but I was surprised at the total lack of vegetables. There is a salad bar which comes with dinner. my husband had the Nigiri and Maki entr\u00e9e, he says that was good. Our dining companions always get the hibachi, and they love it. Ambience is nice. Service was sparse, we rarely saw our server, water glasses were never refilled and they let us sit for over half an hour waiting for check. Otherwise a nice experience", 4, 0], "k68pg5fNVGnGtZKaN3t5Hw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/28/2016", "I have no issues with the food. The sushi was good, the other dishes as well. I am a local resident who frequented the same location under previous owners, as well as other Japanese restaurants in town. I don't enjoy giving a bad review but hope it is used to improve. The food is 3-4 stars. The service and atmosphere are 1 star. I don't think it is an attitude of the staff, it appears they have had zero training:Service. Not busy. Party of four, table settings for two. Two more table settings were not brought until we asked for them when the food arrived. Appetizers delivered... No small plates brought. After 3-4 minutes I had to ask. Dishes not cleared soup/salad/appetizer. Although we plainly stacked them at the edge to make room, they repeatedly failed to clear them, even after serving more food! I had to ask both times. No tea or water refills.Atmosphere: Very loud phone ringing several times echos throughout the place. Loud yelling conversations from front desk to chef or others. An employee sleeping, laying flat out, at the table right next to the salad bar. His feet literally 5 feet away from you as you are getting a salad.", 2, 3], "z2ch-YVIz1Hh65SsLHrOwg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/27/2016", "You get a free volcano roll and there's a free salad bar when you come in. It helps you a lot when you have to wait over an hour for fairly cold food. I've been there 2 or 3 times now and there has never been more than 1 waiter. However, you do get $5 off your first order with the app.", 3, 0], "-jr-mx8RUHSX9SjuPORs1Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/26/2016", "Chinese letters on the face of a Japanese restaurant should have been a big warning sign. Had one of the worst meals of my life, not to mention, a terrible service. Even before sitting down, the waiter asked what I want to order for drink. How embarassing is that? Other customers were starring and I had to say, \"can I sit down first?\" From right there then, I knew this won't go well. I should have left at that moment. The first thing I noticed was that there was only one waiter during Sunday dinner time. Not a good sign. Looking around, I noticed that people were waiting for something. Bad feeling again. Then our food never arrived. Another 15 mins passes and the waiter asked to repeat my order. I almost fell off my chair. We were starving after a long drive from NYC and were very disappointed. The waiter apologized that he is the only one working the floor and offered a 10% discount but my wasted time will never be returned.Now food. It was hands down the worst! Spicy Tuna Rolls were filled with fried pankos. Tonkatsu were overcooked and dry. Pad Thai (why a thai dish at a Japanese restaurant?) was unrecognizable. Udon smelled absolutely horrible; we couldn't finish even half of it.I felt bad for the lonely waiter running around so tipped properly but we all left thinking how does this place survive. For the first time, I was truly disappointed by Yelp's high raiting of this splace.The horrible memory of this place will never be forgotten.", 1, 1], "43L1HVAgcD-SHYwiajQFow": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/23/2016", "After having bad luck with restaurants all over upstate NY area, we found this gem in Ithaca. The first order, we ordered and picked up. I was amazed at how much food we got. I actually asked them if it was all for us :) We got the tofu and chicken bento boxes and it was great. The next day we went in and got salmon teriyaki, chicken teriyaki and shrimp teriyaki and they were all good. They have a free salad bar and they also served us some complimentary white fish rolls. We also tried a sushi platter and it was top-notch as well. Next time we are up there, we will be going back.And yes, great service :)", 5, 1], "pGkY5cRg5tWW55jnvqggZQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "5/11/2016", "Our trip to Mitsuba was a nightmare. Dinner, both the Chinese and Japanese menus, is expensive compared to other places in Ithaca. You can find chinese dishes with bigger portion, more authentic szechuan taste, and lower price elsewhere. Our party ordered 3 szechuan dishes and was disappointed with the portion, considering that they charge more than other similar restaurants in Collegetown. Moreover, even with the smaller portion size, our party of 10 did not finish even one single dish due to the poor taste. Considering that my friends and I just came from the gym and were starving to the point of ready to eat anything and everything, Mitsuba's chinese food is beyond hopelessness. Perhaps being the self-aware restaurant that Mitsuba is, they sprinkle in their menu the Pad Thai dish as their saving grace. More likely though they just put Pad Thai in due to its popularity. I made the silly mistake of assuming that they know how to cook Pad Thai and ordered one. The chef made it too salty, too sweet, and too sour, and no chilly. It is as if the chef thinks that by putting more of everything in he will make the dish magically tastes better. Their pad thai costing around $9 is said to be \"plain,\" and the waiter said we need to ask for the meat to be added. It is only after we got the bill that we know \"plain\" is codeword for paying $4 extra for 5 pieces of chicken, each was about the size of a baby's finger. Their Pad Thai ultimately cost 13$, other Pad Thai in better located restaurants tops at $10.  The utter failure of their szechuan dishes are perhaps rivaled only by the miserableness of their \"Japanese\" dishes. Each dish cost an arm and a leg. And the chef demonstrated his utter ignorance about sushi and Japanese cuisine in general by mixing and matching the ingredients that have nothing to do with one another. But our party's trial and tribulations were not over. After asking for a check, we received the check with a wrong amount. We called the waitress, and got blamed because one of our friend left early and has paid for his meal. They failed to account for that and now could not figure out how to modify the check, so I guess the only sensible solution is to blame the customers. All in all please don't go.", 1, 1], "0Ookwej90Cc8TlA78zXa8Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/23/2016", "I want to start off with saying it hurts me to give this restaurant a low score. I was traveling to Ithaca for a one day trip. I've done a bit of research and wanted to find the best sushi Ithaca has to offer and found this place. Having coming in around 4pm on a Friday, there was only a few tables seated inside. As I sat down, I've noticed there was a 2nd menu which was filled with Chinese dishes. On the menu, it literally says \"Mitsuba Japanese Cuisine.\" First impressions was confusion with a Chinese menu, and Thai dishes such as the Tom Yum Soup for example. Another observation was the drink/dessert menus weren't wiped down and literally had dried soy sauce spots on them. As I'm looking through the Japanese menu, I was searching for the a la carte section (Nigiri). I was told it was on the take-out menu so here comes a 3rd menu if I wanted Nigiri. There are a couple errors on the take-out menu such as \"Salmon\" being spelled \"Sakmon.\" Also, it states on the take-out menu that Happy Hour is 3:00pm - 5:30pm but on the plastic stand that sits on the table it states 3:30pm - 6:00pm. I also want to point out there is literally a picture of a hibachi table on the menu. There isn't a single actual hibachi table inside the restaurant. A complimentary volcano roll was given to us, which was 3 pieces and mainly rice. Suspicions rose and I asked what the volcano roll was filled with and I was told \"white fish.\" A very unnoticeable amount of \"white fish\" was found inside the roll and it only tasted of deep fried rice. Though complimentary, I could have done without. So I wanted to start off with the Shumai and Gyoza. The Shumai came out barely lukewarm, and came with an overly strong sauce. I'm not shy of strong sauces, but this will hit your sinuses and make you lightheaded. The Gyoza was actually quite tasty. The filling was tender, and the was nicely done. I then ordered Nigiri which consisted of Scallop, Super-White Tuna, Yellow-Tail, Salmon, Tuna, Mackerel, Sweet Shrimp and Ikura (Salmon Roe). I think the Yellow-Tail, Super-White Tuna, and Scallop were the highlights. The Tuna was just alright. The Salmon was odd to me. It looked fresh in colour, but tasted off. The Mackerel and Ikura had to be the biggest disappointment. The colour of the Mackerel was off, and very dry. The Ikura is the worst I've had. Old Ikura is what I had. To the point where the shell or skin of each roe would literally stick to the inside of your teeth. As for the Sweet Shrimp, didn't taste quite fresh. Onto the rolls. I ordered the Mitsuba Lobster, Crazy Eel, and Paradise. What really gets me, is the menu is loaded with pictures left and right. Beautiful professional looking pictures of the rolls and how they're plated. None of the rolls were presented the way it looked in the pictures. I must say, once the Paradise Roll and Nigiri came out my mind was blown. I was astonished seeing how this was plated. It looked incredible, and I absolutely loved it. Seeing the effect on the plate really blew me away. But unfortunately came with a price. I noticed a thin strand growing out of the middle of the plastic flower. At first, I was really hoping it was a fiber from one of the petals but I was wrong. Not only was it a dark colour, but it was without a doubt a hair. As I started to pull it out, it kept getting longer and longer to the point where I actually pulled the plastic flower out of the cup hanging by the hair. I called the Host over and showed him and he apologized and took away the flower. The Crazy Eel and Mitsuba Lobster Roll came out and they were tasty and I have no complaints. After the meal, he came over and asked if we wanted dessert and we declined. He brought over the bill and told me he took off 10% for what has happened. From being confused entering a Japanese Cuisine restaurant with a Chinese menu and Thai dishes, to dirty menus, to a hair being dead center of the plate. I'm very saddened to give this restaurant such a low score because I see potential. The presentation is phenomenal and I truly feel the chef is creative and skillful making sushi. Unfortunately, the best way I can describe this restaurant is it's a beautiful car with a bad engine. The engine needs some tweaking and this would be a great restaurant. ---Food---*NIGIRI*Scallop: 8.5/10Super-White Tuna: 9/10Yellow-Tail: 8.5/10Salmon: 7.5/10Tuna: 7/10Mackerel: 3/10Ikura: 1/10Sweet Shrimp: 5/10*ROLLS*Mitsuba Lobster: 8.5/10Paradise: 8/10Crazy Eel: 7/10 Presentation: 10/10---Restaurant---Atmosphere: 8/10Decoration: 9/10Cleanliness: 6/10", 2, 10], "Ph_UCViy-kwSqVAAAiuVsA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/11/2015", "I am so glad that me and my husband decided to try this place! We ordered an alligator roll, tri-pepper chicken and beef in spicy pepper sauce! It was incredibly delicious! Plus we got a few free things from the restaurant: deep fried roll, salad bar and fruit. It is very rare to find a place that you can have nice eel sushi and authentic Sichuan spicy dishes at the same time! This place is very clean and the waitress are friendly! We will definitely go back again!", 5, 1], "LtSzXv2g8UKZKWvOqSdWqw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/22/2015", "After searching on Yelp for a good sushi restaurant while we were shopping in Ithaca, we found Mitsuba, a few miles outside of town. Had a very pleasant experience with ordering three signature rolls and a sushi appetizer of four nigiri pieces. The fish was fresh, the presentation was splendid and the service was very efficient. Will definitely be back when we are in the area again.", 4, 0], "BwSynJWnZnvq7V9uAXGuFw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/21/2015", "Last night was the third time that we had dined here, and the first time we tried their dinner service. We arrived to a packed restaurant, and were told to wait until a table for two was available. We sat at the bench for 5-10 minutes, when another party of two arrived and were seated immediately. Another 10 minutes went by until we finally got a table. No one bothered to bring us any water, and when we asked for some the sole waitress forgot and we had to ask someone else. We ordered, and waited another 30 minutes for a single entree to arrive. The other didn't get served until another 10 mins. Other guests around us were leaving after not getting their food after waiting for 40+ mins. The waitress was unapologetic, and our drinks were never refilled in the hour+ that we were at the table. We ordered a combo sushi platter, which was dry, tasted old, and generally awful. This was in stark contrast to the previous time we had tried their fish. The tonkatsu plate was good, but underwhelming in light of the whole dining experience. We had nothing to drink while we were trying to eat, and it became clear that the restaurant was heavily understaffed. We were never brought the orange at the end. This was the worst meal and service we've had in Ithaca. Even using a groupon, the food was expensive for the very poor quality. We will not be returning anytime soon.", 1, 0], "Jodhv7afvfK7gpO-bsqQtg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/27/2015", "Finally decent sushi in Ithaca! After literally trying every sushi outlet here, Mitsuba handily wins. Given the competition is hardly stiff, but Mitsuba is edible and innovative. They have a nice variety of rolls to select from. Their fish tastes fresh and rice is well prepared. Additionally, if you eat at the restaurant enjoy a free appetizer roll, access to a salad bar and delicious green tea. They also deliver via IthacaToGo.", 5, 0], "KXfFjHI0FpQP6QfUzyaSVQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/19/2015", "Good food and decent service, only reason I gave it three stars was because the prices could be a lot better.", 3, 0], "rYWknkWzk265MQtBfUMucA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/23/2015", "Came here after dropping off a sibling at CU, exhausted and famished. My standards were pretty low and Mitsuba still disappointed.There were only 2 servers for approximately 12 tables (one group with 8-10 people). The servers were clearly overwhelmed and it took forever to get any service. The waitress brought my boyfriend a water after he asked for a Sprite. After waiting for 20 minutes, we got a complimentary volcano roll. Deep-fried roll with rice and what tasted like leftover odds and ends. I ordered Yaki Udon with vegetables and chicken and it was supposed to be a stir fry but the dish has liquid on the bottom. Boyfriend had the oyako-don. He liked it but gives the disclaimer that \"it's hard to fuck it up.\" The spicy salmon roll had too much vinegary rice with old salmon. We ordered another roll with spicy salmon, avocado in the middle with eel on top. It wasn't great.All in all, this place might do in a pinch. Order the kitchen items, not the sushi and expect a wait. They must have known they would have been swamped with CU families, poor planning on their part.", 2, 1], "0GhGT0xbLO4Fh8ODsEojVQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/21/2015", "First dining experience after arriving for college.I had mixed feelings about having sushi in Ithaca but this restaurant is just as good as some of my favorite places back home. Fish is served very fresh and in generous portions. I tried three of their special rolls and all were delicious, though on the sweeter side. I look forward to trying some of their teriyaki entrees and maybe even their Szechuan dishes (they have a separate menu for Chinese food). The dishes looked beautiful, with orchids and dry ice! Service was good but I did notice that they had only one sushi chef, and though our food didn't take forever I can imagine it being more slow when the restaurant is busy. When I was there it looked pretty full though.I'm really happy I found good sushi here!", 5, 0], "ojRBVy2IQ9267b810GZc8w": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/18/2015", "Food and service was good. Definitely one of the better Asian restaurant in Ithaca. I would come here again even though it has nothing on the Asian restaurants in Cali.", 4, 0], "vQCp149DRGVIBq7d8BwrWw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/17/2015", "Food is good and authentic! Service is ok. Highly recommend if you are looking for a good dinner with friendly atmosphere.", 4, 0], "iFg7Ey3P3eqocyrV4SZOFw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/17/2015", "I am new to town but not to sushi and Mitsuba gets it right. I have only come for lunch and it is usually not too busy so service has always been quick. They give you a free roll and the salad bar is a nice added touch because I was able to add broccoli and more cucumber to my ginger salad which otherwise is not an option. The ginger dressing is also fresh and delicious. The sushi is good, I would give 4.5. The only issue I have is I ordered one of their most expensive rolls and it had too much cream cheese on top. It made the texture odd and it was a fried roll and that much warm cream cheese is off putting. However, I took the cream cheese off and loved the roll. They roll was topped with mango which went well with the crab and soy sauce. I will undoubtedly be back.", 4, 0], "2y02GOG2xd6dYQQv7NFvdw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/10/2015", "Friendly service, great lunch special prices ($8.50 for two rolls plus soup and salad), and an average dining room. The fish was pretty fresh - good texture and flavor. We had the salmon, yellowtail, tuna, and eel. The rice was definitely lacking in seasoning and thus also in consistency. There was also a little too much of it in the rolls. So the bland, mushy rice overwhelmed any flavor of the fish. The eel sauce is also too sweet.With a couple little tweaks, though, this place could be a good staple for those on the hunt for sushi in Ithaca. I think I'm most curious about the Szezuan menu now...", 3, 0], "tqKNmzc6CT1uFhB5PC6S6A": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/5/2015", "First off waiter was great seated quickly very attentive and friendly. Good food choices and questions answered politely. I liked the mini salad bar option and the appetizer that was on the house. Food was brought out quickly and at correct temps. The flavor was differAnt than what I'm used to but still very good . Great night we will return .", 4, 0], "6u-u8nH3LDbmPby_tmBdnQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/2/2015", "Its our first time in ithaca. We found this place online. Luckily, it didnt disappoint me. The restaurant was comfortable and food was good.", 4, 1], "RyYcBTjLNRYBYAF90l14UQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/2/2015", "the services are very good. they help us charged our iPhone and provide WiFi. the food is very good as well.", 4, 1], "JOPKkIeJfOVdzlTOC9ZIqw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/1/2015", "My girlfriend and I have been coming to this place for quite some time and it has always been consistent. They have a small convenient salad bar which provides the basics along with some delicious ginger salad dressing. In terms of sushi they are pretty good. However I suggest trying the Chinese style dishes (our particular favorites include the eggplant and Szechuan fish). I hope to see more people here as we enjoy our meal every time.", 5, 0], "OGh8drL5PRlRL4saGdpCnA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/30/2015", "My wife and I have been to Mitsuba about a dozen times and the sushi is fantastic! Great variety of rolls to choose from. The restaurant is clean and inviting and the service is also good. I enjoy the Mohawk roll and the rainbow roll in particular. I'm excited to order from the Chinese menu on our next visit. I really have no experience with authentic Chinese food, so any suggestions would be appreciated!", 5, 1], "1LBJEt8UG3VtNfhl31sjDQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/21/2015", "I had an early dinner here on a Saturday night. Everything was fantastic. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the sushi. No complaints about service. I would definitely return. So far Mitsuba is my favorite of the many Japanese restaurants in town.", 5, 0], "PVfY4Kw61_ng_Sgu8p4kiQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/19/2015", "We have gotten takeout from here a few times. My husband loves the fish with the spicy diced pepper. The spicy calamari movie is also good, but the salads are bland and somehow taste watered down. The volcano roll is okay, but nothing I would have again.However, every single time we order, something is missing from our order. When we call, the person answering phone just argues with us. This last time they forgot the rice for the dish. When we called this time, they said they would refund us $1 from a $15 dish. I asked how that was fair and he said that is what a side of rice is. That doesn't seem right since a part of the dish was missing. So, that's it for us.", 2, 1], "svLNwYcLvut6y7APwU_9eQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "5/28/2015", "I had a good experience here. The service was a little slow but the food was good. The sushi was as fresh as one can get for ithaca. I especially liked the tuna martini, good blend flavors.", 4, 0], "ZHlMFli2U70ckhLEmOUfHw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "5/3/2015", "Great sushi and Tom yum soup. The sushi regular is a pretty good deal and the chef is great. One time he even added extra sashimi and sashimi salad with the whole entree!", 5, 0], "z-UPSdYQwvZroh_6g1SaHw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/15/2015", "Food: Restaurant serves Chinese and Japanese food, using two different menus. Sometimes they assume you want one or the other when you are seated and only bring out one menu. Much better options for authentic Chinese food can be had elsewhere in Ithaca (Spicy Asian, Hot Pot, etc.), but the Japanese food is on par with the rest of the area. The variety of sushi, rolls, and sashimi are probably the highlights of the menu. Haven't tried the hibachi, and will not be trying the Chinese food again. Also, the food presentation has gone down slightly since they opened - they used to have orchids and dry ice decorating their sushi plates.Service: Service ranges from fair to good, depending on the crowd and the particular waitstaff on a given day. Waiters generally assume you've visited before, and so make no mention of the complimentary salad bar or sushi appetizer. More often than not, they need to be flagged down for drink refills and the meal check. On the plus side, the manager or owner (I think his name is Eric) is always friendly and makes every effort to accommodate reasonable requests when he is around.Value: For sushi in Ithaca, Mitsuba provides the best value. Salad bar, hot tea, and a sushi appetizer are all included with the meal, and entree prices are comparable with the competition (mainly Sumo, since I don't recommend Mitsuba for Chinese food). Restaurant participates in groupon and has its own rewards/points program as well, so you can really get your money's worth.", 3, 1], "jS8Q5rJWGGDXmt8T1PNXAg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/15/2015", "We came for my birthday after reading some mixed reviews on yelp. We ordered a combo with spicy tuna, salmon and yellowfin and vegetable tempura. We received a delicious complementary volcano roll first and then our sushi rolls. Our appetizer and miso soup came last, but I ain't even mad. Everything was so crunchy and tasteful we thoroughly enjoyed our time.", 4, 0], "9icQn_TRT1OjkLgfWCjj1Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/11/2015", "Ugh! Why is it so difficult to find a good sushi spot in Ithaca???Came to Mitsuba for an early dinner. Ordered miso soup, which was free since I used their offer, edamame, spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, and eel roll. Unfortunately, the sushi was just below average. The fish didn't taste fresh and the rolls were pretty bland. The meal comes with two free volcano rolls, and if you write a review on yelp, customers get $5 off or a free appetizer. As for the service, the place was empty, so there was little to no waiting time for the food. With tax, my tab was only $24.84. Super cheap, in my opinion; however, service and price alone won't convince me to return. Maybe their other dishes are better, but I personally wouldn't recommend this place for sushi.", 2, 2], "ewMsL7Pd44CvF7Bo4FxxmA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/6/2015", "This is my second time being here for its new Chinese spicy food. The first time, I brought four friends for dinner. We ordered seven dishes and I liked most of them. They add tips automatically without notice though. I would give four star based on that visit.The second time, I came here for lunch and ordered three new dishes from the Chinese menu to try. The taste is totally different from last time. I could not eat much due to their strange flavor. So I guess choosing right dishes is very important. Avoid picking these three dishes in the pic will save you some money :)", 3, 2], "ZgC56WVuI8aqzSJK854S-w": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/28/2015", "The food here is good, but the service is pretty bad - our waitress barely spoke English and messed up the order (including forgetting an item but still charging us for it). The sushi chef was very kind and made up for the mistake of the waitress, but I am more likely to do take out from now on from Mitsuba instead of eating there.", 3, 0], "uZkQMG4xVJM_6wNvy9nUYw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/7/2015", "First time ever at mitsuba and they served me a half full pint. Needless to say i will never go there again.", 1, 2], "ImFMDRXp_2R-5vORl07GSA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/13/2015", "Great sushi! The spicy tuna roll is on point. Highly recommended! The service is very good and quick. Good sushi place in ithaca it is hard to find good sushi around here. Excellent!", 5, 0], "FttoiAZ2m7uqZBKgas98ew": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/7/2015", "Excellent quality of food. Maybe one of the best Asian restaurants in Ithaca. Flavors and rich but well controlled (especially the spiciness). Service is warm and atmosphere is nice. Sometimes the grilled foods are more for show than for flavor, but to be honest a lot of grilled foods are like this. I want to give it 4.5 stars for really minor issues, but that's not an option so here's a four stars.", 4, 0], "FUNTMJ7lIfmhVdRRgMo-yg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/31/2015", "Great food, great service. Good atmosphere. Nice deals and not to expensive compared to other places around the area", 4, 0], "uWZSLtcnqc4N8eL1Q8jWJw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/20/2015", "This meal was terribly mediocre. So much so I don't even want to spend much time reviewing it. The shumai and both soups were tasteless. My Kani Maki roll was boring (which is weird because it is one of my favorites at Sumo. Here, it was literally just a chunk of imitation crab in the roll. Maybe that is all it is supposed to be?) My salmon roll was delicious, but it's hard to ruin that. The filet mignon hibachi was okay, but it is expensive; it should be great!. The best thing we tried was the shrimp tempura. It was so mediocre that I can't see going back. I will probably forget all about it.", 2, 0], "jwSytDRCO8rdhXBvLQ1EIw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/20/2015", "Excellent Japanese cuisine at reasonable prices!I ordered lunch rolls and they were good.But it would have been better if the server didn't ask me whether I was Chinese when I entered. They seemed to have separate menus written in Chinese.", 3, 0], "L-0LjKfsPv6hONja-3lNfA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/4/2015", "I hadn't been to this place in a couple of years. Had never been that impressed. But wow, what a make-over! Big step up in service, food, value, etc. We had lunch on a Saturday with a restaurant.com certificate. Had a fabulous lunch for under 17.00 with tip! Generous portions, delicious sushi, great service, pleasant atmosphere. We'll be returning often!", 4, 0], "c_7XY74sgd4LC6TTUbJoMw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/31/2014", "Mitsuba Roll surprised me when I realize that it serves both Chinese and Japanese food. The combination is unique and provides customers with amazing choices. This restaurant has cozy and warm ambience with friendly, bilingual waitresses. It serves authentic szechuan foods as well as japanese foods. the good ingredients brought together and cooked to their good taste.", 5, 0], "foHRCUAkY-CX6BzRgCxNBA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/31/2014", "Like any other strip-mall japanese-habachi place. Food is ok. Very \"americanized\".Lacks the special distinquitions that characterize the Ithaca market", 2, 1], "YupJ7NWaeEuQhCWUe8Jvrw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/26/2014", "Sushi was good. The unagidon was good. Lays udon was so so. Hard to understand waitress. Probably will not go again", 3, 2], "jnHP4AOeAfzkodneT2bfSQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/23/2014", "We used to like this place in the past, but the last few times we have been here we experienced not very good service, so so quality food and over charging for happy hour specials. We visited twice in one week and on the first night, the wait staff came to our table every two minutes to ask if we were ready to order. There was no offer of the specials, or mention made of the happy hour specials. We had just noticed the card on the table that offered half price appetizers and beer. After about 20 times of being asked if we were ready to order, we ordered and waited for our dinner to arrive. When it finally did we found the sushi not fresh, the beers not cold and the service for us seemed different than it did for the others in the place. No mention of the salad bar. No mention of tea yet all other tables got a pot. We observed that we were the only two white women in the place and that seriously made us wonder if that was the reason for the lack of attention after the order was placed was due to that fact. When we got the bill, we noticed all of the happy hour specials were rung up as full price, so we had to figure that out before we could leave. As we left we asked if they had a Sichuan menu and they pointed to the sign in the front entrance that is not written in both Chinese and English. We spied there was a full menu inside and quickly took a look at it and thought we would give them another try and check out the Sichuan next time. The second and last time we visited, we had just the opposite service with the wait staff leaving the menus on the table and then never returning. It took forever to get drinks, again, no offer of salad bar, happy hour specials, or tea. This time we picked up the Sichuan menu as that is what we wanted to try, however it was not offered to us. The dish I ordered was a fish in spicy sauce and it was not real spicy, and had not one Sichuan peppercorn, therefore no \"mala\", no \"wok hey\". While I may not be Asian, I want real Asian food when I go out to eat, not any Americanized Asian food. So we were both incredibly disappointed in the food, again, and also in the service again as well. And once again, we observed different treatment for us as compared to others in the restaurant. So, due to this treatment and the decline of the freshness of fish and the not authentic Sichuan, we shall not be re-visiting Mitsuba and shall get our Sushi fix elsewhere. And for Sichuan, we will head to the place down on 13, or we will make our own. Like I said before, when we go out to eat, we expect the cuisine to be representative of the country it comes from, not some Americanized version, and we also expect the service to be the same across the board for all customers.", 1, 4], "-XO0_JyYVNesY5kHGt_PRA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "12/10/2014", "I have been on a sushi kick for weeks now, so when the craving hit I decided to head to the place with the highest number of great reviews! Mitsuba is a relatively new place; none of my coworkers had heard of it and even during the dinner hours they were almost empty. Obviously this was just fine with me as I didn't have to wait to sit down and my food was out fairly quickly.The place itself is nice. It's very spacious and the set up is generally attractive, though nothing special. This is your standard dining hall look, so might not be right for a romantic night out.The service is good, albeit a little weird. None of the servers really engaged with us from the moment we came in, until we left. They asked only the most perfunctory questions and avoided eye contact. I'm chalking it up to a cultural difference? Other than that, however, everything was very nicely done. We got hot towels for our hands (especially nice when it's freezing and snowy outside!) Soon after sitting down, we were surprised to get a free volcano roll. Unfortunately, my friend and I are both vegetarian so we had to send it back, but the gesture is awesome! Finally, as I mentioned, the food was out fairly quickly.Note that you will not get tea with your meal as is so frequently the case in Japanese restaurants. For whatever reason, Mitsuba only offers water. You can, of course, order tea, but it's always a nice little perk to get it for free. Not a big deal, just something to keep in mind.The vegetarian rolls all looked very appetizing, so I had a hard time deciding and ended up getting four rolls: the avocado peanut, avocado cucumber, sweet potato, and the house vegetable maki. The first three were excellent and I would highly recommend them. The house vegetable maki was a little weird, but it could just be personal taste. Since this was the most expensive roll, I was disappointed that it was not my favorite, but it was no big deal. I think something about the melange of vegetables just didn't work for me. The price is completely on par with other sushi restaurants and way cheaper than Wegman's, so nothing to complain about there.One thing that I noticed and really liked was Mistuba's reciprocity with yelp. If a customer writes a review, they get a free appetizer, checking in usually results in some sort of freebie (in my case it was a miso soup); in short, using yelp will get you tons of good deals here! I love when restaurants make use of such promotions.Overall, a great dining experience!", 4, 2], "Rsh7tRgMEx5ojjxKfMXjDw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/28/2014", "This place has great food and is a very relaxing atmosphere. Staff is very kind and service is friendly and fast. Always a spot to hit up when I come to Ithaca!", 5, 0], "leYcWzHiO67WncsONOBE3g": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/23/2014", "Came here for quick dinner, the complementary volcano is delicious as always. Service was really slow but food was overall satisfying.Update: returned here on a cold winter night and the heat wasn't even on. Also the normally warm deep fried volcano roll seems it came straight from the fridge, cold and hard.", 2, 1], "ZiS_p-q0Zw3fEnvnNU0ePQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/23/2014", "Yummy\uff01 The environment is great! I recommend this restaurant! Especially for the Japanese food!", 5, 0], "Fp39ACPVeK0_CF6dP-lLYg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/8/2014", "Food was okay, but it made me sick... gave me food poisoning... Enough said, never coming back!", 1, 7], "gSXRqzloGnrh8pFhiISy3A": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/27/2014", "I've been here a few times since their opening and usually I can count on decent service, and yummy rolls. Specifically their Christmas roll and Orchard roll are among my favorites. However a few weeks ago I came in with some friends and was severely let down with the service. I believe they were severely understaffed at the time, but I was not thrilled with how management handled the evening. I came in with two friends and it took 10 minutes after being seated for someone to come and ask if we wanted anything to drink. By then we decided on our orders too. It took almost 30 minutes for them to get any of us drinks, including a simple water for myself. After an hour after arriving we finally got our food. And it took a long time to get someone's attention to get the bill. If it were not for this being entirely out of the usual I would give it less stars, but it was an isolated event so far. Unfortunately it didn't make a good impression on the two friends I brought (it being their first time). I hope they hire more help soon!", 3, 4], "uVLj-rPZAnuMH3w9Xx5gsQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/24/2014", "Tonight, my friends are having dinner at mitsuba, the Szechuan restaurant in Ithaca. The double cooked pork is really good!", 5, 0], "5-aCxMZQe2IkS4_cK27xGQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/20/2014", "Couldn't find anything wrong with what we ordered. Shumai was awesome-delicate. Tuna rolll excellent.  I will deam of their new harford roll. Tempura shrimp, avocado, topped with crab-tobiko- and scallion.  Avocado salad perfectly creamy and fresh. Udon soup mmmm. First 5 star rating I have given on yelp. It is for food only, got take out.", 5, 0], "WTw7kESjAJfc6HVeKnyiZg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/10/2014", "Very yummy Sichuan food. I recommend the dan dan noodle, and the cold spicy beef. They offer free salad and fried sushi, the sushi is great! And also some fruit, like orange. It's very authentic Sichuan food. However the service is just okay. The waitress response a little bit slow.", 5, 0], "GugA2Nuh_jLLMXOXKvcz6Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/4/2014", "The best Chinese restaurant in town. The food tastes so good, especially vocalno roll and spicy chicken. Highly recommend if you want Chinese or Japanese food!", 5, 1], "fQ5jbSMa2Mu2ozdDhKmx6Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/3/2014", "My husband and I ate here for the first time tonight. We were seated shortly after we arrived and ordered soon there after. We were never told about and never received the free volcano roll. Our waitress was pleasant enough but not very attentive so maybe that explains the skip?! The miso soup and vegetable tempura were good as were the three rolls (lightening roll, dragon roll and alaskan maki roll) we ordered. We were not impressed with the spring rolls: two very small rolls cut into four pieces. The lightening roll however was particularly good. Overall a pretty good experience.", 3, 1], "GevzTXCvAMUyQeJQDGC-9Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "10/1/2014", "I'm really coming here whenever my friends and I want Chinese food. I have tried many dishes on their menu and rarely got disappointed of the new dishes that I've tried. We got the duck dish today, which was not spicy. it was very good and their non-spicy dishes are very good in general as well.", 4, 1], "BL7KBw41eP7kpLPgOm9KOg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/21/2014", "I've been fairly disappointed. Overall, just \"meh.\"I'll say here what I said for Sumo: If a menu states that something is spicy, I expect spice. Spicy tuna rolls are supposed to be spicy - the ones at Mitsuba don't even register a tingle on my tongue. I also tried stuffing wasabi in it to spice it up, but after nothing changed, I took a chunk of wasabi and put it in my mouth. Nothing. I can handle some spice, but my tongue didn't even tingle.I really don't get the 4 stars. It's standard sushi fare, I guess, but I've had way, way better.", 3, 1], "5MJGZqqYZ1rVMVZYobXdsg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/16/2014", "The place is nice. The restaurant also provides Chinese food in addition to the Japanese food.", 4, 0], "sbzla--OMMrqYCX7m7Qicw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/16/2014", "This is my first time visiting Ithaca and my friends from Cornell took me here. This place is amazing! All the dishes are really authentic and delicious!", 5, 0], "MuV3VeaPiH0g1_CiutzfYw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/7/2014", "Nice place. Comfortable environment and big space. The food here is spicy enough", 4, 0], "HVnwJTWHazR-PLCpxkdbDw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/7/2014", "Previous trips were very good but they recently removed hibachi islands. Which is why we went there. They seem to go for quantity over quality now.  Service was inattentive, environment was horrible, food was blah and presentation was boring. Not at all what they used to be.  It has gone down hill in recent months. Without everything they used to be the money you spend is not worth it. Now it's like eating in a cafeteria.  Which is not what I want for the money I spent. We won't be going back.", 2, 0], "EMyVo3dCzEl5mEG-tto-XQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/6/2014", "Sichuan food is pretty good! Some of the dishes are quite spicy. The free side dish is so yum, some kind of Japanese roll. There's also free tea and salad!", 4, 0], "q358eg-No07ZD2FNcoGfXw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "9/1/2014", "The food tastes great. The service is great. Also tgey can accommodate for your needs.", 5, 0], "Td3_gE_jCkzEfKsEvtxHEw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/30/2014", "Not many good Chinese Resturaunt in Ithaca, this is a good one. Clean environment, taste like local Sichuan dishes. Fee salad and good service. Will come back.", 4, 0], "mDYoKj5xJUcje17KYhO-aA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/27/2014", "Service is always great, presentation is really nice and the sushi is really good! They have a very basic salad bar, but it's free! I'm also a fan of the complimentary Volcano Roll and orange segments after the meal. This is the best place for sushi I've found in town after trying a few.", 4, 0], "kIg9KoI6ptuPySLeI3QpAw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/25/2014", "The ambience is good! The food is delicious. Much better than Chuan Wei Fang. The dishes there are not oily and salty yet spicy enough for me. Really excellent experience! I will come here again.", 5, 3], "oHnHgCJiP_ayrKWboW273Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/21/2014", "Very much appreciated the complimentary roll and the open salad bar. They have a great ginger dressing, although I so miss the hibachi grill.", 4, 0], "0NPozGyR1tF7Hkmm4TzJHA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/20/2014", "The good: ambience, free salad bar, complimentary appetizerThe bad: Serving size is small, especially meat. Overall low value for price. More room for improvement.", 2, 0], "QS8FpthjTafaZ27Hae3SsQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/19/2014", "Nice place and good food. for Chinese people who likes spicy. They have free appetizer!", 4, 0], "NGYFApU_zCtssCd-Vms6rw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "8/9/2014", "The ambiance is very calm and the music is peaceful. Very relaxing!The wait staff is attentive and kind.The variety of sushi is fantastic and flavorFULL! Yum!", 5, 0], "O759WHfHewu0dKPb0OnJkg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/20/2014", "The sushi here is just as good as other restaurants like Plum Tree and Sumo but less expensive. Also the complimentary volcano rolls are fantastic - perfect amount of spice paired with the crunch of tempura. I further recommend the Unaji Don - the sauce on the eel is great and the eel itself is quite tender!", 5, 0], "5L9aeFiB5n19ncJhlIxbbQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "7/18/2014", "I think it is 5 stars because it was great!!!! We got a free appetizer in less then 5 minutes!!! The appetizers were delicious. When the main course came we were amazed! There was dry ice in a martini glass. It was steaming and letting of smoke. My son especially liked the steam because it was beautiful. I've got to say that the rolls were amazing!! I've never had any sushi rolls better in my life. We ordered a piece of a cake and it was very good. We also ordered ice cream, it was also very good. Everyone should go to this restaurant. (Written by a 9 year old but adults agree!)", 5, 0], "pKDCdket1VV7VqubJrKp4g": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/27/2014", "Yes, it's a Japanese restaurant, but they recently hired a Sichuan (Szechuan) chef and the food here is simply amazing. One of the best Chinese cuisine I have ever eaten, especially of you love super spicy food. \u975e\u5e38\u975e\u5e38\u597d\u5403\uff01 I whole-heartedly recommend this restaurant.", 5, 0], "Foo7qbCSNXM2PtPBGwiDcQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/27/2014", "Love the way they're doing business. Salad bar, free roll app, really great rolls. If they keep it up, they'll remain competitive. Lobster roll and mitsuba roll are my favorite. Tuna martini app is a must get.", 4, 0], "7uRVNgsZqE2KPxXHyVdKFg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/24/2014", "It completely beats Spicy Asian!!! This is the best Chinese and Japanese restaurant in town! It wins Spicy Asian over flavor, service, price and everything!!!", 5, 1], "TtNQJR-Joonqa3K8-ayoTQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/21/2014", "The restaurant has been newly renovated from the previous restaurant. The decoration composed of both exotic and rom emetic styles. Spacious dinning places and good for a group of 2-10 people. Their sushi bar seems very comfortable and people come here for sport gams like NBA and FIFA. I highly recommend their Sichuan food. Not the most authentic but very tasty compared to all other Ithaca Chinese restaurant.", 4, 0], "kv3mSmMnYsCm8reekDNZUQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/16/2014", "I love the spicy food here! Very authentic! The service here is very comfortable. The environment is quite and the music is enjoyable. Also a TV for World Cup!", 4, 0], "ujirImAROwRXgKBZ1dojAg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/15/2014", "Great atmosphere, wonderful service. I recommend the miso soup!I ate here while in town for work and will definitely be coming back for more sushi!", 5, 2], "_rHM4C8ghFuHHvTgLXxviw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/13/2014", "First time dining at Mitsuba and it impressed me by the decent environment, good service and yummy food. I tried their new Sze Chuan cuisine and like the appetizer Sze Chuan Cold Noodle a lot! They also have free salad bar (not big but good) and complementary volcano sushi for each table. Will come again.", 4, 1], "vDXRzXZW9y6IruPjGKZmpQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/12/2014", "Very nice restaurant. Regular sashimi was perfect. Also got free salad and appetizer.", 4, 0], "2bRcb__28ckKt1LEfWW_gQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/12/2014", "The waiters are friendly. They gave each person a free $5 appetizer. The salad is free. BTW, each table is served a free volcano roll.", 4, 0], "XiVGivioso1dRa_8mIlSDg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/12/2014", "Nice food! I love the Japanese food here so came again today, surprised to know that they have Sichuan dishes now. Great portion and good service just as before.", 4, 0], "q3YGnoOgaoi7rm5wzuAbQg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/12/2014", "New to ithaca and our first sushi visit was to Mitsuba...they didn't disappoint me the presentation was just winderful.And our waitress was a doll looking forward to our next visit..yummy", 5, 0], "TtA1rAAjj311JrYLxFabtQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "6/10/2014", "Good service. Great food. We usually order Sushi Boat. They recently add a new menu in Sichuan Cuisian. Gonna try the new menu next time.", 5, 1], "obNplTYeH0Zfm5oOg67XEg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "5/5/2014", "My family and I have been to Mitsuba at least 10 times since it opened, and in terms of food we have always enjoyed the experience. Our first couple experiences the waitresses were very nice, but lately they have been getting more and more rude! Today 05/05/14 for lunch at the end of the lunch special I went up with my family to the salad bar, and was the last one to get salad. There was no spring mix left, it was all iceberg lettuce which has no nutritional content. The waitress, seeing me look through the lettuce, comes up to me to say, \"There's no picking through lettuce allowed! You can't just take the spring lettuce!\" I was flabbergasted by her rudeness, especially as there was no spring lettuce for me to be taking! Also, as it is a salad buffet I could not believe manner in which a waitress would attack a paying customer without provocation or reason.", 2, 0], "PjinNq6CLG6I28V29-DH2g": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/29/2014", "Found this place on Yelp with 4stars. Excited.  Started off well enough, received free volcano roll.... Yummy!!!  Then, all down hill from there.   We ordered seafood udon soup, pork cutlet with rice, and unagi with rice.   And of course some sushi rolls.   Seafood soup, all that I tasted was ginger broth. Really??? When you taste that heavy a ginger, usually means, they're trying to use the ginger to mask an unpleasant taste....(????)    Pork cutlet, frozen and thawed in microwave. Put on rice with sauce that loaded with shitake and cabbage and a scrambled egg. We all know that with that much shitake, you taste nothing else.     The unagi and rice, just decent. Can't mess that up, because the unagi comes premade. Just warm it up and put on rice and pour what ever sauce the eel came in.     We got out sushi after everything else. Took forever for the sushi to arrive. I think the sushi chef was new. He didn't know what he was doing. The sushi was very mediocre and very poor presentation.       Overall, very disappointing experience. I don't get the 4 stars that yelp has for this establishment. 2 stars in my opinion.", 2, 2], "eXagQsmsa4brEVUtGF5ykQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/26/2014", "Went by here on a Friday night. The decor is awesome and the drink menu is great! However it was quite a disappointment to discover that the hibachi tables have been removed. The greeter informed me that all Hibachi meals were now prepared in the back. Another great thing about Japanese steakhouses is the salad that comes with the hibachi emails however, this restaurant has a salad bar that does not contain the traditional salad ingredients. This was a disappointment on top of not being able to have a true habachi experience. The sushi was very fresh and a complimentary appetizer was delicious. Furthermore, the presentation of all of the dishes was impeccable. The one additional concern I would add is they had booked the restaurant for a9 o'clock party so starting at 830 they began to rush everyone to finish eating and get out of the restaurant in time. In the future it would be a good idea to inform guests ahead of time so they don't feel unwelcome at the end of their meals. I will definitely try the restaurant again and look forward to seeing how this restaurant continues to grow.", 4, 1], "AhGjwVJdzUYHKu_4Trq_Ig": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/13/2014", "The food at Mitsuba is good, I liked all the rolls I ordered (Sushi 3 Kinds, Mitsuba roll, fried vanilla ice cream) and my friend also liked what she ordered (Spicy Maki Combo, Philly roll, green tea ice cream). I felt like the fish on the Sushi 3 Kinds could have been fresher, but they weren't bad. The waitress I had (I don't think she ever gave her name?) was either very new or just inattentive/erratic with her service. She seemed very confused and didn't mention the free volcano appetizer or salad bar until I asked... My sister came in earlier with friends for dinner and apparently the waitress ignored her and her friends for 40 minutes (which made them late for a movie) and didn't ask them for their drink orders! :( I did see the manager walk around and supervising a lot, so that's something. All and all, it was OK experience and I only tipped 15% (usually I tip more, having waitressed myself!). It's funny because sometimes I find Sumo's service to be a little over-attentive/over-eager (there are so many people to check in on your meal/ask for drink orders) but I think I'd prefer over-eager service than inattentiveness. I might get them another shot but if it fails to impress me again, I might just go to Sumo instead.", 2, 0], "tPueXuj39JPYbvwYpGSzSA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "4/2/2014", "Given the string of bad luck I've had with sushi in Ithaca, I decided to just go for a bento box and not order any sushi here. The lunch specials are pretty good deals. Most things are under $10 which is reasonable for a Japanese restaurant. Unlike other Japanese restaurants, this place offers a salad bar so you can make it however you like (although their selection of ingredients is relatively limited).The bento boxes come with three California rolls, which is one fewer than other places usually do but the pieces here are a lot fatter. They also come with two pieces of shu mai. The main item I got was chicken teriyaki. The chicken itself was great - it was thoroughly cooked but not dry. One complaint is that the teriyaki sauce they use seems more watery than I've tasted at other places, so it was a bit unusual.I was offered two complimentary pieces of volcano roll too. I ordinarily try to avoid sushi in this city but free is free, and these were actually surprisingly good.I also tried the fried ice cream here. It's $4.50 but they give you a very generous bowl of it. I liked it, but there were places in the bowl which the batter was not thoroughly fried, so they may need to work on that. Overall, it was a nice dining experience and the service was great.", 4, 3], "zmY32A2FjcVsA9Mz9VYAlg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/23/2014", "-excellent service-generous portions-teriyaki is on point and sushi is fresh-very high attention to detail. They plate their dishes with orchids, and other flowers and decorations. -mochi ice cream dessert trio (green tea, strawberry, mango)!-hot tea is free and delicious-Check in on yelp and/or foursquare. We got complimentary edamame, soup, and volcano roll! 3/22/14I'd definitely come back! This place is a gem", 5, 3], "vt1fagxJBfbKseDyCZo2WQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/23/2014", "We took three fifth-graders and a grandparent here for an early Saturday evening kid's birthday dinner at the hibachi. There was some initial confusion when we were moved to a different place because we were holding up another group seated around one grill as we waited for one member of our party to arrive. That meant we were slow getting our meals started -- it seemed like they only had one chef on at that moment. In any case, we had a 2 for 1 coupon and YAY, they have a children's menu that features a good selection of sushi and hibachi items. While we waited for our hibachi chef, we were given hot towels, delicious onion-miso soup and invited to go to the salad bar. By the time the chef arrived to cook our food the kids were semi-full and getting bored, but they loved the show. The chef accommodated our special requests (no butter for one, no mushrooms for another). We each got different meats, and everything looked well prepared, the salmon in particular was lovely, as were the shrimp and scallops. After the meal they did a special birthday thing that was nice if somewhat embarrassing..as it should be. We chatted with our chef as he cleaned up and discovered he's Mexican -- love that! The staff was attentive if somewhat fussy but they cared a lot about our experience. By the way, the decor is warm and cozy, very pretty. We thought we'd try them again for a regular meal in the future. For three kids and three adults to eat at a hibachi (and the adults to share some sake) for well under $100 was great.", 4, 1], "c6X1dLB7vPFSH60pwZCz3A": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/16/2014", "I've been spoiled. And not by this place. Abysmal service, fair maki rolls, and poor seaweed salad and miso soup. Not impressed in the least. I hope it was just an off night, but I have my doubts.", 3, 0], "aXHNWUjP38bT2N3-IYziYA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/9/2014", "Excellent experience all around. We were seated promptly, ordered drinks right away, and given menus. A few minuted later the owner came over and informed us about the complimentary salad bar and asked if it was our first time here. Very friendly staff and very attentive. The food was excellent and we even got a \"sample\" roll called the Volcano. The owner checked in with us before, during and after the meal, and was very sincere in his approach.I'm a firm believer in not putting anything on the plate that isn't edible, but the \"blue smoking flower glass\" was quite intriguing. ;-)We started with the calamari (very crispy batter, but tasty nonetheless) and then dove in to a Crazy Monkey Roll and the Yuki Roll. Both rolls were delicious.I have sushi in every new town I go to and I would definitely go back again. Definitely in my top 5. Well done Mitsuba!", 5, 0], "iFoNM-BPSJULBWdlFny5RQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/8/2014", "The best sushi in Ithaca! We got the crazy Friday roll and it was amazing! Top notch customer service. They really make you feel welcome and valued.", 5, 2], "_PSBWFekUsWdCywypn87nA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/7/2014", "Come on Yelpers this place is not that good, just another sushi place in the freaking mall. Not very original, this sushi was just decent- the only thing that was real good was the sushi chefs gave me a free appy that was pretty cool.", 2, 0], "UzSR9hLAMVJHGieufBHxgA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/6/2014", "So first off the $10 for $20 deal cannot be beat.The atmosphere here feels like a normal restaurant, but that's not a bad thing. It's nice, clean and cozy. You also receive a warm towel, not a disposable one but an actual cloth towel. Kind of a nice change.Upon walking in we were quickly sat down and had our drink order taken. The waitress was very nice and very quick. We had our drinks and then ordered our meal. With our meal we got a free volcano roll to share and the salad bar. The salad bar is small but good, the ginger dressing was great. The volcano roll was great! I have started to love tempura sushi let me tell you.We also ordered some edamame which was great as well.For meals we got the Chicken Yakisoba, Chicken Teriyaki, and the Salmon Teriyaki. The Teriyaki dishes come with miso soup. We also ordered the Crazy Monkey roll, another Volcano roll and the Spicy California roll. The sushi is very good, and is good in size. I love the decoration with the sushi. The Teriyaki dishes were very good, came out sizzling and had lots of flavor. The Yakisoba was probably some of the best I have ever had too, so much flavor!For dessert we ordered the fried cheesecake and it was okay. It was still frozen on the inside so the fried exterior fell off but it still tasted good.The service here was by far the best I've had in Ithaca. It was attentive but not overly so. Our drinks were always refilled promptly and we received everything in a timely manner with a smile. The owner even stopped over to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.I want to try their hibachi sometime.I was thinking about rating this 4 stars as in comparison with Sumo it is a 4, but in comparison to most other restaurants in Ithaca this place is a 5. Would definitely come back here!", 5, 6], "TEwqzI7m_kyGJbJmJauIQw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "3/1/2014", "I'm writing reviews becuase I'm bored. My husband and I we didn't want to cook this noon so we went trying this place for the second time. Last time we came as a group and we got tasted a bit of every pricy rolls. Not impressive in general. The chicken hibatch was overcooked and not juicy at all. Rolls are slightly worse than the ones in Sumo, although I'm not a big fan of Sumo as well. To be fair, the raw meat in sushi is ok, but the rice wrapped outside just doesn't taste like the right texture. Why people here just can't make some good, qualitied sushi? If you are craving for sushi, I'd say the only place to go is Wegmans. Seriously, don't waste you time trying sumo/Mitsuba or any sushi restaurant in town. The unagi don wasn't satisfying either. Eel was overcooked and a little burnt on the bottom. Meat was lean and just isn't the right type for unagi don. No eel sause on top so the rice became very dry and not saucy. Now after this venting out I do need to mention that the free salad is pretty good. Fresh if you go during lunch time. The valcano rolls are ok but since they are free, i can't complain too much.If you do get that voucher $10 for $4 and plan to go by yourself I think it's still worth it, anyways what can you ask if you only paid $4 for a Rainbow roll?", 3, 1], "U_XHNWYzHcYGjbeaxLwwBw": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/23/2014", "I have nothing but good things to say about this place. My friend and I were attracted by the near-perfect rating and the $10 for $20 deal. This turned out to be the perfect choice for dinner before a concert at the State Street Theater.We were seated immediately on a Saturday night at around 5:30 (no surprise; it's fairly early). People trickled in over the next hour including several hibachi parties. We watched some of the action and even witnessed a birthday (the birthday subject is sung a teasing birthday cheer and wears a giant mask, very funny).I knew that it was a great choice the second our waitress handed us real hot towels - something that I wish happened more often, it's nice to be pampered - and alerted us to the complimentary salad bar. The ginger dressing was as good as any I've ever had, and I was ready to go back for seconds when the waitress brought us a complimentary volcano roll. It was so crispy and delicious!I ordered the dragon roll and my friend had an avocado roll and a shiitake roll. The presentation was so beautiful, with edible orchids and a multicolored dry ice decoration. The rolls themselves were incredibly fresh and tasty, honestly flawless.I'm glad we chose Mitsuba. The staff was friendly and courteous and our bill was $6.50 per person since we used the coupon. I hope this place gains the popularity it deserves!", 5, 6], "vzLEq8o_bSOWDiKB6p7TyA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/16/2014", "Best Japanese place in town (food-wise and entertainment-wise)!!I went there to celebrate my birthday. It was a lot of fun. They give you a complimentary matcha green tea fried ice-cream with a candle and decorations, plus sing you \"happy birthday\" and make you dance, hahaha!Atmosphere is good. Complementary volcano sushi and salad bar. Hibachi was good (a lot of food) and the chef was nice. Staff are really friendly, especially Eric (the manager).My friends and I are definitely going to be regulars there.", 5, 4], "Br1wWQz5EmX10iE2mNNASA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/15/2014", "I went there with my husband at Valentine's Day. We tried the Eel Avocado roll, Chirashi, and Teriyaki Beef. They also serve the salad bar and free volcano roll for every table. We love the food, except the teriyaki sauce. The sauce is too sweet. However, the dinner was conductedin a cordial atmosphere. And I also got a red rose for free. I am happy to visit here to celebrate my valentine's day.", 4, 2], "xdlNNHeABlWh3fJF8KjtjA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "2/15/2014", "I went with my son because we had a discount coupon. We sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef gifted us with a delicious lobster-mango salad. Oue sushi plates were adorned with outrageous, magical decorations: little glass cups that held an edible flower, silk orchids, a palm leaf, a glowing LED, and bubbling dry ice mist!! In sum, the service was warm and welcoming, the sushi was delicious and the drama of the presentation was fantastic. I will go back for sure.", 4, 2], "Qud9vXIa1z5rmfItwliDkQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/28/2014", "This place is great for lunch specials. I got the combo with two sushi rolls, a salad, and soup. It'll clock you in at around 9 bucks which is amazingly cheap for ithaca. Sushi was above average but not the GREATEST. I just got two basic rolls though so im sure if I got something a little more extravagant it'd be better. No complaints though. Definitely better than a lot of sushi places I've been to! And the sushi bar itself was clean and well stocked. All the fish looked really fresh and the plate presentation was beautiful.The service here is great. Fast, friendly, and not pushy. They even gave us a few pieces of sushi on the house and the manager came over to make sure our meal was great. So we would definitely return for the service at the very least.The salad bar is nice. Making your own salad is better than having to ask for more dressing, things on the side, etc. I liked that concept a lot.I will be returning and trying it for dinner at some point.", 4, 2], "T9ynfuQABwaKqeM3vevgDg": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/26/2014", "Mitsuba has done a good job promoting itself. I've received mailers and seen promotions online through 4square and yelp. The adverts were successful as the restaurant got my business. My wife and I were in the mood for sushi so we decided to try Mitsuba. The restaurant was a little quiet for a Sunday afternoon, but the weather was poor so maybe potential customers stayed in. We ordered a few rolls to split between us and I presented the waitress my phone as I unlocked an offer from 4square for free edamame, salad bar and volcano roll. I'm not sure how much of a free offer this is, as it seemed like the other patrons all received the same complimentary items as a included in their meal. The better promotion would be the Yelp 1/2 off $20 deal, since it seems as though salad and volcano roll is included.Also, the complimentary roll is more like half a roll it is rather small, but it is free.I ordered an eel and avacado handroll and a rainbow roll. My wife ordered a dragon roll and a tempura shrimp roll. I thought we ordered way too much food, and normally I would be right. But, the rolls here are rather small. They fill the plate with beautiful garnishes and decorations but not much food. Really, the plates are beautiful to look at but I didn't come here for flowers and inedible leaves on the plate. Besides the small portion the sushi tasted ok. The tempura roll tasted frozen, like they used frozen tempura from a big box store. Overall our experience was OK.", 3, 1], "I8hYjV3mbDSol2RXyi87mQ": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/6/2014", "Perfect food before a movie! The complimentary volcano roll was a sweet surprise. Very friendly staff and very attentive. Very pretty plating. Food was good - had sashimi and was cold and fresh. No complaints! Would definitely return.", 4, 0], "-2nuJNGTnrjZQ5idF-9K7Q": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "1/2/2014", "We had dinner at Mitsuba on Jan 1st with a group of 5 adults and 2 kids. The food was great and the price was very reasonable. The sashimi was very fresh and i especially liked the salmon that tasted creamy and melted in my mouth. The rolls were also excellent. We ordered the Ithaca roll, Mitsuba roll, crazy rabbit, aligator, and we liked all of them. The free salad bar (very fresh) and volcano roll were great additions as well. For a place like Ithaca, this definitely exceeded our expectation by a large margin. The service was also excellent: the staff was very friendly and the store owner kindly greeted us as we left the store.We had a great time there and would definitely visit again!", 4, 0], "Y3gjG3I41UM1M7UflQXFkA": ["Yelp", " Mitsuba", "11/27/2013", "The Hibachi offerings were really good. The salmon was butterflied beautifully and came in a generous portion. The sushi on the other hand didn't taste particularly fresh. We were the only people in there, and the service was very polite and attentive. Lunch pricing is on par with other hibachi places nearby.", 3, 0]}
{"Et3KOS7qqEqtOOdhFiVnMQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "2/26/2019", "If you're a wing enthusiast and able to handle the heat you have to try the HOUSE HOT WINGS! This place will be a mandatory stop everytime I'm in town for work. Our server suggested I try them extra crispy and I did. I was pleasantly surprised and hooked after the first bite. These wings had a real good spicy kick with a very light sweet finish. You can literally put the sauce on ANYTHING! I should have knownn how popular they were when our server told me they only had enough sauce for one last batch. Give them a shot you won't be disappointed!", 5, 0], "o2eV92Jr4AkA8gcNdZUaUg": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "3/8/2018", "Met a friend here one night for a drink. Ended up ordering a burger and fries- so glad I did! love this place. Would definitely go back. Friendly bartender, definitely a locals bar which is a nice change of pace from all the college students.", 5, 0], "6GS576CeZ5CDJXio4PvQ_Q": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "1/22/2018", "My friends and I went here to watch NFL Sunday night football and it was \"meh.\" The beer selection was pretty standard, and there were a few craft beers from Ithaca Beer Co. We ordered nachos and mozzarella sticks, both of which were subpar and nothing spectacular. I would recommend this place to split a pitcher of Bud Light and watch sports, but wouldn't come here if not for a sporting event.", 3, 0], "qOZ1KBrmK3URJCabLStiUQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "1/5/2018", "Never had anything bad! The wings are amazing! Vlads sauce is my fav. Burgers are good. Staff is super nice!", 5, 0], "zRGXW9h0jCA4i7PtnLbOJw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "11/29/2016", "Food tastes like rancid turds. Terrible service, not at all accommodating of any non-normative dietary restrictions. Super rude waitstaff. Looks like a former strip club and/or the location for a Christian youth group. Filled with creepy old men.", 1, 4], "fRNWIVe7yuzwq1fBYPOI0g": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "7/11/2016", "I have given Uncle Joe's three chances to blow me away with the wings that everyone kept raving about, and the reality of the situation is this: the wings are large and flavorful, but if you are looking for any kind of heat, you might have to (gasp) go to a Buffalo Wild Wings or even the Anchor Bar in Buffalo. Nothing is hot here, and the sauces that are allegedly are hot, are not in the slightest. Yes, yes I am of Indian descent, so I can hardly be objective about heat, but there is no sauce at Uncle Joe's that is remotely hot: not the medium or hot sauce, or the House Hot Sauce, Cajun, etc. In fact, most of the sauces have random names, and are on the sweeter side (Vlad sauce, sport sauce, etc.). However, the real winner here is the overall setup - a townie, dive bar in the truest sense of the word, and vastly better than most of the other bars in the area. Pool tables, a stellar jukebox, sweet burgers, lots of TVs, and a friendly staff. I will return for the other things, but not for the wings.", 3, 5], "rI4Aqx23YkWv0jgEQFl1zQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "3/1/2016", "I'm real picky with wings and never write reviews here so that being said, try them. By far the best around. Crispy and consistent, with the best homemade blue cheese I have ever tasted. Great service too!", 5, 0], "jm7O_HS0PJa5CVfLF5-SDg": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "5/13/2015", "Best wings in town (sorry Nines). We order them medium extra crispy. This is our local pub/restaurant and we eat there often. Lots of parking, reasonable prices and good food. It's a sports bar, so expect a lot of screens with whatever is in season. And if your game isn't on, just ask. Burgers and fries are also good.", 5, 1], "SO_uFbY0wJ_1Qy-OPWmCSw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "11/25/2014", "Great location, walking distance from Hotel Ithaca. Stopped in Sunday night to catch the late game--looked up reviews before hand and most of them were pretty impressive. The bar was full so we sat in the dining room--great views of TV's From anyplace in the bar! Grabbed a few beers on tap and medium wings. Beer was good--except the Blue Moon could have been colder. Wasn't complain worthy. Wings were awesome as previously reviewed. Told the waitress that we probably only drinking--our mistake--she only came back when we were nearing the end of our beers so the food order took longer than we would have liked but that was our fault. Make sure you watch where you place your legs in the booth--they haven't been scrapped for gum in awhile and now my jeans have reminder of my trip!!Regardless--Good wings, beer and football.", 3, 1], "UKhaTAIKv-aJsH6XZXTIXw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "10/6/2014", "Joe's has everything you need in a sports bar; lots of TVs, daily specials, friendly bartenders, and good bar food. Wings are crispy and their blue cheese is delicious. Try the sport sauce!!", 4, 0], "Jt9Qeis25t8SByEacFgnjA": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "7/16/2014", "We stopped by here to watch the semi finals of the Rio 2014 World Cup and I was not disappointed. There are 15 or so TV's around both big and small. The food was not bad; I liked \"Tyler's Nachos.\"", 4, 0], "GwVkF2yOjjKnvbARsHyrDg": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "5/8/2014", "Best sports bar in town....Joe and his staff make your experience every game like you are at home", 5, 0], "6xDaL531i-zP58Ek8G12bw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "4/15/2014", "I had high hopes for this place, but hated it. For starters they were \"out\" of the beer I ordered and were \"out\" of oranges to put in a substitute beer that I ordered. To follow, they were \"out\" of mozzarella sticks and (get this one) I was told they were \"out\" of pizza. I could see being out if an ingredient....but out of pizza? That one didn't add up to me.I ended up getting garlic-parmesan wings and I'm surprised I didn't choke from them being so dry. If I go back, I will never again eat what I had before. The wings were gross.Overall I was disappointed in the service, the selection, and the food. Thumbs down.", 1, 2], "6f1X7zVpKldebwk0jzV-EQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "12/31/2013", "The only place in town with this kind of atmosphere. It is the only \"home town\" bar in the area that has pool tables, dart boards, lots of TVs and good food all at fair prices. I'm reading all of these reviews about the great wings but I can shamefully say that I haven't tried them yet even though we frequent the establishment. Everything else is great though as long as you stay away from the pizza. The buffalo wrap is my go to meal but their burgers are top notch as well. The nacho plate is quite amazing as well; huge portion with lots of chili, cheese, bacon, sour cream.There was a reviewer that thought this place was a \"super-dive\". It's not, that person has obviously never been to an actual whole in the wall dive bar before. Uncle Joe's is far from a dive and has a very pleasant environment and could even be considered a family restaurant. All in all one of kind bar in the area.", 4, 1], "_OHM7nkbt_xhdbX5HZGyQA": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "10/8/2013", "I went here for the pool and enjoyed it. The beer is not delicious though.", 4, 0], "v2LOrw1Ow2EAKHv2c3eDIQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "9/18/2013", "Being Philadelphia Eagles fans on a Sunday in Ithaca, NY...our options were limited in finding a decent bar to watch the game. Under a recommendation from a friend, we were able to stumble upon this place. It's a discreet under the radar bar that is probably bordering on the super-divey. Frankly, that is what I look for in finding a bar. We got there about an hour before game and were able to find a table by a TV that was designated for the Eagles. It was one of the smaller TV's unfortunately, but we enjoyed ourselves nonetheless. The waitress was attentive and we were never without what we needed for very long. Once the game started we had ordered a variety of food to munch on during the game. We got 2 orders of a dozen wings, 12 hot and 12 garlic cajun parmesan. Both wings were not overdone (like some wings are) and both had great flavor. The garlic parm wings were a dry rub and provided a nice balance from the super hot saucey wings. The sauce were the hot wings were pretty generously poured over the wings, so your mouth was on fire. We got the nachos which were topped with chicken, chili, cheese, sour cream, salsa and jalapenos. These were the biggest hit of the table and the portion was perfect for 4 of us. We also got the Uncle Joe's fries which were fries tossed in medium hot sauce. I love anything in wing sauce, so I snacked on these pretty good.Overall, this place is the definition of a dive, but that shouldn't be a deterrent. The place has friendly service, surprisingly decent food and a good beer selection. Great place to watch the game.", 4, 1], "s5qUwCnsA1YfFNCqw1D3zw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "7/31/2013", "Great deals at Uncle Joes every week night! Tuesday burger special $5... Unfortunately they were out of the veggie burger patty tonight. Delicious fountain soda! Homemade blue cheese dressing, yum! Both regular and curly fries rock! Guinness tangy BBQ, yes please! Great local spot, happy to be here!", 4, 0], "JMWXNhNuN2q8DR4sb-3EcA": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "7/20/2013", "This will be short and to the point: I would say they have the best wings in Ithaca. Hands down. $6 pitchers of Yuengling and wing specials on Thursday. Basically one of my candidates if I had to have a last meal. I forgot what they were called but the fries with the wing sauce...my wife loved those and she doesn't like wings. Kudos. Definitely the meal in Ithaca that I will miss the most.", 5, 1], "92D5tAwcpzNS0UT8PccZvw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "11/10/2012", "If you're looking for a laid back, relaxed sports bar: this is your place!! The wings specials are wonderful, and the special(not on the menu) sweet and hot sauce is great!", 5, 0], "1SgQ8zSLELGTaFLUSeUJoQ": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "9/18/2012", "I have finally found a bar in Ithaca I like.This is THE neighborhood place aka, not The Commons to watch any sports game on TV.This past Sunday we lucked out and scored 2 seats at the bar for the Buffalo game and Buffalo actually won!!The service was stellar, the prices fair. The wings were out of this world delicious, the best I have ever had anywhere. Crunchy, fat wings and home made blue cheese, and yes I licked the container it was off the charts so good.I cannot wait to return on a lazy Sunday to watch football.", 5, 5], "uSvIip4XSX5IrTMiPNOutA": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "1/22/2012", "Best wings in Ithaca and probably the best burger too. Good place to watch Syracuse games if you follow them and the drinks are reasonably priced.", 5, 0], "ma7G47XF6fI-BsUIR49cvA": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "12/8/2011", "Went to Uncle Joe's the other night to get a quick beer or two and a dozen wings. Went to the men's room to wash my hands. Hand soap dispenser was empty. Asked the bartender for hand soap, and he reported that they were out of hand soap. I wonder how the cook washes his hands after using the bathroom? Hmmmmm......I'm not as hungry for wings anymore! Why wouldn't you just to go the store and buy some Softsoap dispensers in the interim? Definitely a problem!", 1, 7], "Xfs66Ai0yx2dgIMeIZmdOw": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "8/24/2011", "Uncle Joe's has the best wing and burger specials on Mondays and Tuesdays but leaves something to be desired on the beverage and service fronts.When I finally moved to downtown Ithaca, I went to Uncle Joe's twice a week on Monday and Tuesday for the wing and burger specials. The wings are really large for being on special. I find other places use wing specials to get rid of the runts, but Uncle Joe's seems to hoard them until Mondays. It is only $5.50 a dozen and they are cooked perfectly every time. I usually get the hot Ralph's wings. They are pretty hot but not remorsefully or painfully hot so that sauce is a winner in my book. I have had the garlic parmesan and sweet and spicy wings too, but I like mine really hot.The burger special on Tuesdays is, by far, one of the best deals in town for price and quality. All burgers are cooked to order (medium rare thank you)!!! Most places give you well done hockey pucks but these 8ozers are amazing. I have had all the burgers here and they are all delicious. I find myself getting the Uncle Joe's burger more often than not. I love the crisp, fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion that come with most of the burgers. The fries are ALWAYS extra crunchy and crisp. It seems like they don't sit around too long in the back and are served fresh.I have had the pizza special on Thursday but it is pretty dismal compared to the wing and burger specials. The dough tastes premade and almost biscuity rather than doughy. The sauce and cheese leave something to be desired.The walls are covered with TVs and other sports memorabilia. I love watching Yankees' games here and can't wait for the NFL games on Sundays. I sure hope they have the Red Zone channel!The biggest contention I have with Uncle Joe's is their beer selection and prices, especially during Happy Hour. I'm kind of a beer snob and I don't like lite beer. There are very few choices outside of the mega-brewers. The beers are $2.75 at happy hour. I just don't like paying that much for lite beer at a small local joint like Uncle Joe's. Waaaaa I'm crying I know, but good food deserves good beer.The service here by the waitresses is almost always slow. I have sat for 5 minutes without menus on a few occasions. Don't expect speedy service on drinks either. A few of the servers were rather robotic in their service without much personality. Service while sitting at the bar is much faster.I really like Uncle Joe's, mostly for the food. If the drink prices and selection and service speed were improved, it would be much easier to give an additional star.", 3, 2], "tJ8h1Pt_rhF3yjmSpVHTUg": ["Yelp", "Uncle Joe\u2019s", "10/10/2010", "Uncle Joe's is a great place to grab a burger and a beer and watch whichever game you're into. This past winter we came here almost every night to watch the Olympics. They've got plenty of flat screen TVs on nearly every wall so you're bound to find what you're looking for. The burgers are awesome and reasonably priced. The wings are phenomenal....they even make their own blue cheese dressing! They've also got a couple of pool tables in case you want to do something other than watch TV. You won't find a lot of college kids here, mostly locals which can be a welcome change of pace in this town.", 4, 0]}
{"x9dGUlBJPqz52kDbp7Qbzw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "1/8/2019", "I don't know if I liked the atmosphere or the food more. I love any establishment that caters to vegetarians and this place is definitely that. I also love Star Trek so this place was an easy sell for me. As far as parking- there is none, best bet is to try to find street parking a few blocks away.", 5, 1], "NUhwAdgiFhi7BxBajsWn5Q": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "12/10/2018", "Numerous vegetarian and vegan options on the menu, which are surprisingly delicious. You also won't find. Place In town that that has better smoothies and shakes for your money. Impressive selection on the menu, and a cafe to boot.", 5, 0], "_XBE0xSHGzDYQRH7Ca9_8A": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "12/5/2018", "Make-my-own salad, hummus and chips, Americano. So good and healthy. Stuffed. Gather friends. Go thru bookstore, head upstairs. Relax and enjoy delicious plant-based food.", 5, 0], "GoGtuAvhRIG_VtbLQLYnkQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "11/4/2018", "I love the vibe of this place. It's totally chill, no frills, with Star Trek decor and surrounded by second hand books. I was curious what Ten Forward was, given the Star Trek theme, and it is, \"a lounge and recreation facility located on Deck 10, forward section 1 of a Galaxy-class starship.\"This is also one of the best vegan option in Ithaca in my opinion. The price is very reasonable, especially for the downtown area, with sandwiches + salad for under $10, and smoothies about $6. Tammy is also amazing, who always takes care of the little modifications I like on my sandwiches. My favorites are the Seitan Reuben and the Tofurkey Rachel, which have a great combination of sweet and savory on toasted Heidelberg bread. The salad dressing options are also pretty cool, including a curry one, and smoothies are thick (and not watered down like at CTB). Not as much of a fan of the Breakfast Sandwich or the tacos, which tend to be on the dry side.Overall, I like it and love telling my friends about it!", 4, 0], "My7niknu50NCfl2mccVERw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "10/7/2018", "Great vegan food in an awesome bookstore. If you are in Ithaca give this place a try.", 5, 0], "z1S4_tBqJorSfGQuFipB7w": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "9/15/2018", "This is a vegan restaurant aimed for folks who are vegan for animal rights reasons but still crave \"normal\" food. Unfortunately, it's not exactly healthy. They have things like vegan mac and cheese, burritos, etc.  To our surprise, there wasn't a single item on the menu that was aimed for healthier choices.  Everything is white carbs, no whole wheat wrap or pasta offered. No fresh fruit.  Nothing tasted that great either. We couldn't find anything to give us kids and the bagel shop next block over offered healthier vegan choices.So go here if you want to be vegan for the technicality, but don't go here expecting good healthy delicious food options.Service is excellent. People are too.  I hope the owner takes this review in consideration and makes healthier options available for folks.", 3, 2], "Ss3Aah7_tDj0bw55QyhGMw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "9/5/2018", "Got my 7 of 9 smoothie: orange juice, banana, strawberry etc. A bit overpriced but the place is kind of cute, having a cafe in the mezzanine of a bookstore is very hipster, very ithaca.", 3, 1], "_V9J5qIRoFxDogsoAH0TWg": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "8/23/2018", "It was an almost laughable time finding Ten Forward Cafe, but I'm sure glad I did. For non Ithaca folks reading this review Ten Forward is on the top floor of Autumn Leaves Books in the Ithaca Commons. I'm fairly certain the cafe has only one owner/operator and no other staff so service while friendly was a bit slow. Don't let this deter you though--this is high quality vegan junk in a not so vegan friendly area. I had the garbage nachos and my partner had the BLT. We both tried a different variety of the house made iced teas which were flavorful and not too sweet. The menu had a lot of variety and there is a case of homemade vegan baked goods.", 5, 0], "qH3t_4DdV5s-cpP9K9222Q": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "8/18/2018", "I stopped in last night just for a break from driving home to Philly after spending some time in Toronto. This was clearly a great idea !!! I grabbed some great books at the bookstore, and enjoyed some great coffee with a fruit pastry. I have to say the pastry was really awesome !!! Whoever backed these things knows what they're doing !!! Definitely stop in and give one a try !!! i'm also confident that everything on the menu is really tasty !! The coffee was great, and the staff are very friendly !!! Another huge plus was catching a performance form Andrew Alling. I was really surprised by how good this guy is, seriously check him out. !!!  andrewalling.com/datesIn the end Ten Forward does what a great cafe should do !! Offer great healthy food, awesome coffee in an interesting friendly space !!! Lol Space !!!", 5, 0], "6cZIc8s71x6--aXkHPs2cw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "8/13/2018", "After a delightful and delicious Monday morning breakfast (tofu scramble, breakfast sandwiches) I realized I couldn't leave my review at 4 stars. This place is awesome. I highly recommend it.", 5, 0], "dM_6DzMhlO9BmycdVTj_zQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "8/7/2018", "It's great to have a place that's 100% so there's no chance an order could get messed up in a non-vegan way. The space is interesting and quaint, borderline weird, but always comfortable and well-maintained. The prices make sense because of the fresh ingredients and homemade vegan faux meats and whatnot but it can be a bit pricey for a daily hang. The only thing preventing a five star review is the slow service--it seems like the business model expects employees to finish each individual order to completion before starting the next. Never a quick stop. However, it's delicious and I'll keep going back.", 4, 0], "OBQBPlmVlu34Y7yeV_vQUQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "7/20/2018", "Excellent food! Great staff. A very cool Star Trek influenced vegan cafe. Everything we ate was really good. The sweets are out of control good.", 5, 0], "P1eUmFpT-MN_4Bk2PHm4dg": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "6/1/2018", "Vegan - delicious coffee, the breakfast sandwich, and the blueberry muffin.And if you are a book and Star Trek fan, you will be very happy.", 5, 0], "3_bcfyiPfPE8NMxyLLobpQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "4/7/2018", "Try the lavender lemon poppy seed scones- you will not be disappointed. All items on the menu are vegan. Delicious, well-priced, great setting (above a bookstore.)", 5, 0], "F0YMhBkipZ64h4ewIZGIhw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "4/5/2018", "This place is cute. 3 stars just for being vegan (& having hemp, soy, & almond milk!). 1 more star for cheery customer service. The atmosphere is a little dark and musty... but that's no fault of Tenforward. They're trying with colorful chalk boards and spinning lights. The coffee shop is definite boon to Autumn Leaves. I was actually surprised how hopping it was - lots of people for a late afternoon! Would imagine book sales are up.Only had an espresso (which was fab), so can't comment on the food. I'm glad I came in.", 4, 2], "Zfh7t197yr5zKzYAWiYI9w": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "2/24/2018", "I really enjoy this cafe. I've eaten here a handful of times and each time I feel very taken care of and welcome. Tammy and Tish are great women and make some good food. I used to work at Strong Hearts Cafe so I know how hard it is to make relatable vegan food. This is a place where if it wasn't advertised as completely vegan, you wouldn't guess. Today I had the sausage biscuits and gravy, which hit the spot in the sub-zero bomb cyclone weather we've had. It was seasoned very well and I left feeling full. The problem with some vegan food I've gotten other places is that it doesn't fill me up. This place succeeds in satiating the hunger, but I don't feel too full or gross afterwards.Other times I've gotten the breakfast sandwich, the BLT (bacon bits in the mayo is CLUTCH), the loaded nachos and a chocolate peanut butter smoothie. All have been good. The right balance of healthy, decadent and fairly priced. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 is that I think they have some growing to do (hopefully) and I think they will get much better and more deserving of a 5. I think they can develop their menu a bit more and get a signature style. It's coming and they are close, I see tons of potential!Updated: they are a 5", 5, 1], "unzQgHHasgY24LE7PFluTw": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "2/20/2018", "Being a Star Trek nerd and a vegan, this seemed like the perfect spot to stop while on a road trip upstate. I didn't realize that it was inside of a used book store, up on the second floor, but it wasn't hard to find at all. There are some Star Trek-related articles posted on the wall and some figurines on a table along a pillar, but other than that and Star Trek-themed items on their menu, that was the extent of the Star Trek theme.I was a little disappointed in the fact that the cashier had NO IDEA what I was talking about when I asked, \"Do a lot of people come up to you and say, 'Tea, Earl Grey, hot!'?\" She gave me a blank stare and then said, \"So ... you want Earl Grey tea?\" *sigh* She also didn't seem to be all that nice either, so ugh.All that aside, the food was great. I got the BBQ Tacos from the StarTruck menu, which had soy curls that had been marinaded in a BBQ sauce, and the Starfleet salad. The salad was pretty basic (lettuce, tomato, red onion, black olives, Daiya vegan \"cheese\") but you get a choice of dressings (I went with a curry dressing that didn't really taste that much like curry, but it was still tasty). But the tacos were really delicious and were topped with their house-made coleslaw, and even eating just one of them with the salad was plenty filling. (I ended up eating the other taco for dinner.)Next time I come through Ithaca, I'll stop by again, for sure. There are a handful of gluten-free options, it seems, so I'll try something else!", 4, 2], "99B-IggI_p900LTfhFq3gQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "11/6/2017", "Tammy and crew are rocking the upstairs cafe space at Autumn Leaves. I'm not a Star Trek fan, yet, but I always find something delicious at Ten Forward. I love the shakes, and often pair them with a gluten free & vegan baked goodie. Recently, they added options from the legendary Star Truck menu-- more options for every type of foodie. Try the garbage nachos, or breakfast sandwich!", 5, 0], "7dieBGZKjSPjUfDP75D1Sg": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "9/23/2017", "I REALLY love this place, and I hope it stays and is really successful!! The \"Picarda-Bella\" from the specials menu - a wrap with portobello mushrooms, peppers, sriram, and daiya cheese was really good, and it was served on a lovely salad of field greens. The Dilitium Crystal, a banana-based smoothie with peanut butter, cocoa, and chia seeds was cold and yummy! The best part of my visit was hearing lots of friendly voices and happy kids. Alex at the counter was super friendly, and many people seemed to be thrilled by the selection of baked goods. To make the place better, they could try to find a way to quiet the noise from a very loud cooler that kinda ruins an otherwise calm, book-store-y vibe. I think a carpet and getting a little yellow into the lighting (the fixtures are nice, but the light seems like that economy bluish fluorescent). I think these changes would be really cheap and would bring out the really unique and cool flavour of the space.", 5, 2], "bHTXwUTfTVt7U412_9ePzQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "7/12/2017", "I really appreciate that these folks are able to make a simple grilled cheese for my picky 4-year-old kid. (Perhaps unsurprisingly, our 1-year-old liked it, too!) I also liked the salad I ordered off the specials menu -- it was really delicious and unique, and not something I would have thought to make myself at home. Their smoothies are amazing. Love the space / Trek theme. Will definitely come again in the future, and will recommend it to others!", 5, 1], "_g1xvBT8vr6GpvQI5yKnMQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "7/1/2017", "The seitan on the BLT is delicious but my favorite was the Delithium Crystal Shake - wow!!! Bananas, chia seeds, soy milk, cacao and peanut butter!", 4, 3], "I2-zblPqzZM32Ej_h6O0Vg": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "6/30/2017", "To get here: when you walk into the book store, you have to take the stairs that are towards the back, up one floor.I LOVE that they have board games and chess for the customers to play. The Chk-Un wrap was everything I didn't know I needed in my life. So tasty!! Highly recommend!", 5, 2], "4UpOujdKbln2Hs2aKKkwhg": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "6/25/2017", "Started out with scratching our heads standing outside of a bookstore trying to figure out where this place was. Just 2 signs high up in the window that read \"Ten Forward Cafe\" And when you peek into the bookstore there is no clear signal that it is in there. Maybe a \"INSIDE\" placed under the logo in the sign? Something? Hopefully that gets fixed because I would like for this place to stay busy and be noticeable a bit more. The food was very good. Thats the most important part. Hands down it was very good. I do feel like they're a little light with portions in comparison with price, but I'm not an expert on Ithaca's food scene and there isn't another all vegan place there to compare. Now here is another thing I hope changes a bit to make this place a must go to when in Ithaca...Vegan eateries have a following. In small cities/towns in Upstate NY your lucky to find one. So vegans will take a 2 hour trip to try out the next vegan spot and explore how the new place \"does Vegan\". I feel Strong Hearts (Syracuse) had a little too much influence on their menu board. Just my opinion. I was really hoping I would have had the opportunity to try something completely different. Some may argue the food there is different but changing a few sauces or ingredients in the already same wraps and sandwiches isn't different in my mind. But keep up the good work. I want EVERY vegan eatery to succeed and thrive which in case Ten Forward Cafe certainly has that ability. Maybe consider a better location when things start to get going a bit better? Yah yah I know its the commons but it almost don't count. Its pretty hidden. But hey I guess the old motto \"if its good they will come\" may be a factor.Best of luck.", 4, 3], "iC6YXSQIa56cTAiOjfVdCQ": ["Yelp", "Ten Forward Cafe", "4/15/2017", "The sandwich was served on stale bread and there was not a large selection of fresh vegetables; it was not worth the price.However, the cinnamon roll was excellent.", 3, 0]}
{"1hj4qBy8E2PxwHjD6DLxhw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/21/2019", "I initially came here because this place was highly rated on Yelp and I needed a quick lunch in between meetings. The portions are big, so I definitely didn't leave feeling hungry. So, let's start with the good. It's conveniently located around the corner from the Green St. bus stop, so if you're coming into town by bus, this is a convenient place to stop in for a bite before or after a long bus ride. The staff seemed friendly. There are a lot different sandwiches, salads, and soups to pick from. And, the portion size is big, which is great that they offer a lunch special (half sandwich and a small soup)- great in the sense if you don't want to overstuff yourself- all for about $10. I also thought the French Onion Soup was pretty good. Now, onto the bad. One of the sandwiches they're known for is the B\u00e1nh m\u00ec. For anyone who has eaten a traditional B\u00e1nh m\u00ec knows that it's made with a French baguette. The bread is what makes the B\u00e1nh Mi so good. But, they don't make it with a French baguette. Instead, they make it with the sub roll that they make all of their sandwiches with and that was the let-down. Something was off about the sandwich. I didn't get the crunch from biting into it. To be fair, the sandwich wasn't terrible. It was stuffed with lots of pulled pork, but the bread wasn't great and the sauce from the pulled pork made the already-soft sub bread soggy. Would the bread have still been soggy if it was a baguette? Maybe or maybe not as much.I may decide to drop by if I'm ever back in the area. I wouldn't mind trying some of the other items on their menu, but I definitely won't order the B\u00e1nh m\u00ec again.", 3, 0], "9Eg5_3Gb6XvS6LuxgV2NcQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/15/2019", "Everything is good. Seriously everythingggg. They once messed up my order but otherwise I've never had an issue. Chill staff. Vegetarian version of all subs available! Support local food!", 5, 0], "Am6_1Z_y1g0lQUkw2Dns2Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/4/2019", "So I ordered my buffalo chicken salad on-line, where you have to click on what you want to order so that everything sound be correct, at least you thought it would be. Someone at Gorgers decided that I wanted a buffalo chicken sandwich instead, and made it with shredded chicken with a tiny bit of hot sauce on it and lettuce with brown spots. I'm sure someone would like it, but it's NOT what I ordered and really wasn't that good. This is the second time I've ordered from them and it was screwed up both times. This might be the last time......", 2, 0], "boXYEvfjxL-yOrxlAm-3LQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/19/2018", "Great food, friendly service, comfortable atmosphere. Loved it, 10/10 would go again.", 5, 0], "JbD9Y5JvaWP3eyt9f2oyrw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/11/2018", "Maybe because I've had Bahn Mi from Viet deli's, I thought the Bahn Mi sub was really bad. The sub was drenched with hoisin sauce, which was super salty. The sandwich was already soggy when I got it. Bahn Mi generally is a pretty light and healthy sandwich. There's actually not a whole lot of sauce on them. I didn't even finish my sandwich, it was that bad.", 2, 2], "vuWA4BbQ3QizWmX0WzqpJQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/10/2018", "OMG delish! Stopped in on my way through NY. These guys are hustling. Food is fast and delicious! We had the banh mi and po boy with fried pickles and housemade chips. I overheard a ton of people ordering the philly, so I assume that's awesome too. Great vibe. Small shop. Definitely worth the stop!", 5, 0], "xmqtHvDDMgt8Md8o5OmJzg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/27/2018", "This place totally fits in to the Ithaca vibe. Everything is very fresh and they have unique options. The Bahn Mi sub has to be my personal favorite. Good mix of sweet and savory and the sandwiches are large. Fried pickles are also super yummy and I love the sauce they give with them. They also have homemade drinks that change daily. Some really unique options, but always satisfying!", 5, 0], "yVbnLayVq_adbZ--4REtkA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/6/2018", "There are a two things I really like about Gorgers. First off, the subs are huge, so you can split a full sub or eat half and save the rest for another time. Secondly, you can make any sandwich vegetarian by replacing the meat with eggplant. I've only been to Gorgers twice, but both times my sandwich came out relatively quickly and it was delicious. The eggplant \"wings\" are also really good.", 4, 0], "KRWyRsTy173wu53xRlpRqg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/3/2018", "Driving from Toronto to Philly, I wanted a fast spot with vegetarian options that would fuel the rest of the trip. I was tempted to drive straight through but this place had great reviews and I was hopeful, despite my better judgement. We ordered two vegetarian subs/hoagies/grinders, whatever. One full, one half and we waited. And waited. I finally realized may have lost the order. I was starving, but the place was busy, so I was understanding and patiently went to problem solve. I asked the guy who I placed the order with if my order was on the way. He confirmed that it was (not true). I waited behind three basic girls ordering (add tomato, no seeds, remove three cucumbers, triple the arugula, lite dressing on the side, double it kind of people) and then asked another person about my order. He confirmed that it was lost and put it back in immediately but not before we reviewed my order. Whew! He is on it! Several minutes later one sandwich comes out and then the next. Starving, we open them up right outside and, to my shock and dismay, not only were they both wrong, but (at least one) contained chicken. I made it clear both times when I ordered that I wanted vegetarian options. This place prides itself on being veggie friendly. Not cool. I go back in, a third time, and tell the that my order is still not correct. The person at the register asks me to review the order with him yet again. I exclaim that I actually do not care what I get at this point, as long as it is vegetarian food. I am hot, hungry, road weary, and now concerned that my food is going to get spit in because I had to send it back a 2nd time. I don't think they spit in it. A few minutes later, maybe 45+ minutes after I arrived, my food came out. A man with seeming responsibility brought out the final dishes to us and apologized, which was nice. He also said that if we came back on a shift that he was working that he would give us free sandwiches. Seemed weird that it would have to be on his shift only, either way we passed for a myriad of reasons. I guess it was the right order though some of it was unrecognizable, but it was fine. I would give the food 2 stars since I ate some of it and they bake their own bread, make their own seitan, plus have veggie/vegan options for all menu items, which is pretty cool. What is not cool is that the sandwich is 90% fluffy white bread, 5% cheese sauces, and 5% whatever else the sandwich is. I ordered something with cheddar, it had cheddar sauce not actual cheese. My husband ordered eggplant with blue cheese sandwich, there were two tiny eggplant pieces and no blue cheese, there was a yellow cheez sauce, however. They were really wet sandwiches.", 1, 5], "TBESkCU-0YGEbqg9XLDd2Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/19/2018", "Give em a shot for sure but, Meh. They boast about the fresh baked rolls and they need to because my steak sub was 75% bread. I was excited when upon opening then wrapper to see all the steak that had spilled out. Unfortunately ALL the steak had spilled out. That was it. Asked for pickles and got two dill chips. They have potential for sure but steak subs aren't their forte. Also a kid was in training so there's that.", 3, 0], "T7PCnLZq-t_lGbor4d1OFw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/6/2018", "Wow - arguably one of the best subs I have ever had. I visited Gorgers on a Saturday around 2:30pm for a late lunch after hiking around the state parks. Starved for food and looking for a place to eat before our next hike, my fiance and I stopped at this sub shop. We happily noticed all of the bread was made in-house and all ingredients seemed freshly made as well. For $9 we each got huge subs - I ordered the bahn mi and my fiance had the thai chicken. We each loved our sandwiches although we both agreed the bahn mi was the winning sub. The sandwich was so big that we were never even hungry for dinner. Highly recommend Gorgers and I wish there was a sub place like this in NYC.", 5, 1], "udQFiK80iNLCwkfMXtzekg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/24/2018", "Tacos were very fresh. Made to order. Excellent taste. Air conditioner must not be working. Good service and prompt.", 4, 0], "QJIdCPW2xWjKdulJQXKw1A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/15/2018", "Gorgers Subs is an outstanding sandwich spot in Ithaca NY. Complete hipster joint that's perfect for college students, hikers, and townies. The price is completely reasonable and everything was delicious. Please try the Fried Pickles!!", 5, 1], "sHS34mKVxGy0fkypGxSMlQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/12/2018", "Killer sub shop. The house made bread and huge subs shouldnt be missed! The Cuban and Bahn Mi are exceptional - I return for these two all the time. Their fresh cut fries are great, but its their rotating soup of the day that you should really look out for. Their full subs are enormous - enough to make two meals out of, so i enjoy the half sub and soup. Give it a try, they wont let you down!", 5, 0], "TbAEvJ4Xa1vxMouzGb-y3w": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/8/2018", "Just went here for the first time last night and can't wait to go back! Mouth watering just thinking about it! My boyfriend and I split the bahn mi sub and fries and it was only 11$!!!! What other place on the commons can boat a delicious meal for two at that price?! Can't wait to go again.", 5, 0], "0R8TWqDZ029FvoRjLKdNjg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/12/2018", "They have lots of cool stuff that they cook with. The guy who served me kept giving me extra stuff. Must be cause I'm skinny - or he had a crush on me. Probably both.", 5, 0], "UNKrs1sP4LscrTfK_VeN_Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/22/2017", "Gorgers was a quick stop on the way home leaving cornell. One of the good subs I've had in a while. It was actually pretty good the chicken sandwiches.The french onion soup was a bit disappointing, I decided to try it. Overall I wish I had read some of the reviews more since a lot of the customers had their banh mi, so would suggest that.Sandwiches were 4/5 Overall trip 3/5", 3, 0], "gmr8x6NTnKXqeyxPFCc-vg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/6/2017", "If you want something more than just the standard sub line-up then this is the place to get it. They have creative options instead of your run of the mill deli sandwiches.", 4, 0], "HQMLnns1Aq1LIyIR4y5cBA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/1/2017", "This is by far my favorite place in Ithaca. I'm not sure why it has taken me so long to write a review. I've tried many of their subs. I've gone through phases of which is my favorite: shrimp Po boy, banh mi, and chupacabra. The French onion soup is also amazing. It's reasonably priced for good food. It's definitely worth the walk from college town down to the commons.", 5, 0], "LQVHF_VOHi7qIwfxL5APfQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/6/2017", "Awesome sandwiches and house fries. Great place to get a bite after the falls!!! The rolls are always fresh. Had a BIT once with a thick slice of bacon....yummmm", 5, 0], "7f7LHJnujUDf5_bFDwM0Cw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/21/2017", "Based upon the reviews of Gorgers subs our expectations were high. We didn't feel that the subs were 4 or 5 star worthy. Gorgers serves hot subs, no deli sandwiches. We didn't realize the size of these subs, they are HUGE. We could have easily split one.  I had the Banh Mi and my husband had the Cuban. We ordered fresh chips to accompany our subs. Banh Mi was bland and was missing the key ingredient: Vietnamese Fish Sauce... don't call it Vietnamese-like food if you don't have it doused in Fish Sauce. In addition, it could've used a lot more cilantro. My husband said the Cuban was also bland.Not the mind-blowing experience that others raved about. Good, not great.", 3, 0], "IXcKl7zM7fTQGTcsR164hw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/14/2017", "I had the buffalo chicken. Good sauce, wish the chicken wasn't shredded. Got the 12 inch, way too much food.Bread is made there, which is a nice touch.Stomach was a bit off after but that might be that I ate too much!Restaurant itself is grubby. Kind of surprised the health inspector is fine with it.On the fence about recommending. Need to try it again.", 3, 0], "lSkUZrOGGvEpQYCo6Ccx2Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/12/2017", "Gorgers has been there for me more than any man in my life. Crying? Gorgers. Break up? Gorgers. Stumbling home drunk after my 21st birthday party and craving a cold, delicious, sub? Gorgers.If I were on death row Gorgers would be my last meal. The panda wings are simply amazing. And nine dollars for a sub? My ever empty wallet weeps with joy. Nine dollars for a foot long sub overflowing with delicious ingredients. Plus, for their lunch special, it's eight dollars and you can get half of any sub, a drink, and a side (either fries, soup, or a salad). I mean, come on. Is there a better deal? Probably not. My personal favorites are the cabernet steak (I ask if they can add peppers- you should too) and the Chupacabra. I'm 100% confident in the fact that I could close my eyes, point to anything on the menu, and thoroughly enjoy eating it. All in all, 10/10. Bring all my visiting relatives and friends here.", 5, 5], "CzEpSJjuAGCWzmTxEI22ig": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/4/2017", "I can't stop thinking about the sandwiches at Gorgers. If you're looking for a legit 12\" sub packed w/ ingredients - Gorgers Subs is your place. We stopped by after two morning hikes, and while we were starvin', we were totally overwhelmed by the size of these sandwiches when they came out. Gorger's does not mess around. There's over 20 sandwiches to choose from on the menu + a few salads and sides. I settled on a modified Chicken Bacon Ranch and the gal behind the counter had no problemo swapping out ranch for caesar dressing. For just under $10 I got the softest hero roll everrrrrrr + tons of shredded chicken + a mountain of bacon + and all the crispy lettuce I could handle. It took so long for me to finish, and I was so full - but I couldn't let this sandwich go to waste. So so good. A couple other notes: Homemade lemonade and tea are $2.50, water bottles $1.The inside of this spot isn't anything fancy... we took our sandwiches to go and ate down the block at a table in the Ithaca Commons.", 4, 6], "BvErrDSVe3TK8stDiFIYdw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/6/2017", "Great eclectic atmosphere but that is just where it starts getting good. Soups were tasty and loaded. Sandwiches were incredible, got the chupracabra, shrimp po boy, and chicken teriyaki. Buns fresh baked and very soft. Loaded cheese fries with bacon is more bacon and cheese than fries! Needless to say everyone in the family loved their food. Stopped in the middle of the afternoon but usually their line is out the door. If you like subs with flavor this is your place.", 5, 1], "zzlIbLMUNM4sZbpgllQP2Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/14/2017", "Ok the options here are great and the subs are huge, employees are super friendly and there's really nothing to complain about. Prices are good too. I know this is a short review but there's really not much I can say other than that if you have found you are considering this place, just go. This is the place you are looking for.", 5, 0], "0vZ8Fn1b8rI1oHVPmEfIrQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/5/2017", "This is one of my favorite spots in Ithaca. The food is way cheap, the sandwiches are so big that they can be eaten for two meals, and the flavors of the food are hard to find elsewhere in Ithaca. Additionally, the staff has always been extremely friendly.The cuban is not bad, but it's a little unbalanced in flavor. It's a little too salty to me and theres a little too much mustard. I'd also love if they pressed their cubans. Banh Mi- The meat isn't authentic-- it's clearly just pulled pork with hoisin, but with the pickled vegetables and the the cilantro, it's still pretty delicious. I wish they would put jalapenos in it like a real banh mi. Also, the bread is soft which is nontraditional, but I almost like it more because normal banh mi bread always hurts my mouth so much haha.Also, I don't know if they bake their own bread, but it's soft, fresh, and just delicious. I also believe that they own the taco store nearby, but I think their sub shop is way better. This place is definitely a must for anyone in Ithaca.", 4, 0], "czxeC2ZuHaetLfZs8VcKlw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/5/2017", "Great small spot in downtown Ithaca! I had the steak chimichurri and John had the Cabernet which was surprisingly delicious! I also had a French onion soup that was nice and full of onions and with bread and cheese and John had a Caesar Salad that looked very good! The place had people, but there was still space available. The combinations sounded great \u00f1. Happy to recommend this home on the wall where we both had a great lunch for 17$", 5, 1], "gIR4oIdx4BVt6bAzQbWSLQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/9/2017", "(Very) High 3 stars.  I've had three of four different subs here. I think I've enjoyed the chimichurri the best, at one point I would have said they had the perhaps the best fries in Ithaca, although last time I've had them they added some unnecessary seasoning (that may have been a fluke somehow).", 3, 0], "_ot9JT4w_ES6ypIkH6XVKw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/21/2017", "i've been to many sandwich places and Gorger's sub ranks very very high on the list! they're fast and accommodating, and their food is good quality with great proportions! check them out for yourself", 4, 0], "UBMchwKOxsVVyU5ZOWJo1Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/12/2017", "EXCELLENT!! Just south of Cayuga lake right in the center of town with ample street parking (meter) and lot right next door. We were driving 4 hours north and very hungry and were not disappointed. My friend had pulled pork which was very flavorful, spicy and moist. Huge homemade sub roll and fresh cilantro on top. I had Chipotle Bacon salad which was delicious. Inhaled it. Bacon tasted like it was grilled over open fire. Black beans did too and a touch of chipotle heat , fresh romaine and cheddar. Washed it down with Morrocan Mint ice tea. We're going back on our return home. This is a grab and go place but there are a few tables and barstools.", 5, 0], "FUdB6nw7J4dL4Z0tW_BHBw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/11/2017", "Such a great little place in Ithaca. The bread they use is super soft and perfect for their sandwiches. Along with the rest of my group, I opted for their lunch special, which is half a sub with choice of soup, fries, or salad and a beverage for $8. I had the Cuban with a cup of clam chowder while my sister had the Banh Mi with the clam chowder as well. All of the sandwiches we got were so flavorful and filling - and we only got half! The chowder was not great at all, but this place isn't known for soups, right?This is definitely the spot whether you're starving, sober, not sober, or just craving a good sandwich. With all of their options, you will be tempted to come back and try them all! There are also vegan options as well!", 5, 2], "BXzSTHw1EbbCXotHf0j7Eg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/8/2017", "Recommended by a friend. The subs are unique and really big. You may struggle to finish a while unless very hungry. Also make sure you have room for fries because those are massive too. They use paper towels as plates instead of washing dishes, which gives them a very casual environment (not to mention water conservation... although throwing out more paper so who knows if there's points for sustainability). Highly recommend the south of the border, Cabernet steak and chupacabra!Also very fast even when busy.", 5, 2], "4YdVMXhiuCSgEnK-Luub7A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/26/2017", "Delicious sub sandwiches served on homemade bread. A wide variety of options are available, many of which can be made vegan or vegetarian. The lunch combo, with a drink and fries/salad, is a great deal. Fries could be better, then cut them to order but only give them a single fry.", 4, 0], "2EDvplwWT3d9lxkftqrerg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/25/2017", "Stumbled across this place by accident while enjoying Wizarding Weekend in Ithaca! Both make me want to come back and visit Ithaca again and again! After walking around at the festival all day we were hungry and this place caught our eye, so glad we came in!I love places where you order and then get to see your food made right in front of you. Fast service, there were plenty of people inside, but we got our food in good time. We just had a seat at the long bar along the kitchen and watched a variety of different foods being prepared.My husband and I both had a hard time deciding what to order as there was a huge selection of sandwiches, subs, nachos, and salads. I ordered the buffalo chicken nachos and it was fantastic! A huge container of nacho chips smothered in lots of toppings! I loved that they didn't hold back on the toppings on anything they sold. I can't say enough about how good they were, and how much there was. I had about half of mine left, it made for good late night leftovers after our evening out!Would definitely recommend this to anyone going to Ithaca! Oh and also stop at wizarding weekend!!", 5, 0], "7XushLhwbdayBLqD9Oraxw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/16/2017", "Man. Best kept secret in Ithaca! Had the steak sub and it was incredible! The bread is made fresh on the premises. Nice portion also.", 5, 0], "U2rmzhtP7dHnWbmEdBDLtg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/11/2017", "Love me some CTB, but Gorgers is the best sandwich place in Ithaca. Enormous portions. Fresh bread. Great vegetarian options (seitan or eggplant can be substituted on any sub). Cool vibe. May not win any healthy dining awards, but you're sure to leave satisfied.", 5, 0], "Gjd7QC-dybj-FGq1zSOqIw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/7/2017", "gorgers is my favorite thing in ithaca. subs are huge and great. I usually only get a half because I'm not going to stop til all the food is gone. Super tasty and pretty inexpensive. Can make any sub veg by subbing Seiten or fried egg plant. fries on cut and fried in store too. the only business I'll miss when I move.", 5, 0], "VUpv3gbZ4sTGPbUx2xSV6w": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/29/2016", "We stopped in here for lunch while attending wizarding weekend. My husband got the banh mi. I got the Cuban. We shared fried pickles and French onion soup. So much food we had to bring half our subs home. They give you a lot and for a great price. The Cuban was the best I have ever had. Thick slices of Canadian bacon instead of the usual sliced ham. And delicious pulled pork. The fried pickles were homemade as were the pickles themselves and the bread. My husband loved the banh mi. If it wasn't a 2 hour commute we would eat there every week! Please come to Rochester!", 5, 0], "navUNwGIGDRqVjCDTevcBg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/15/2016", "Highly recommend Gorgers. We ordered the daily which was clam chowder and some loaded fries. The chowder came quickly and was very filling and tasty. The fries came later and a ton of fries came with the one order we got. The whole meal was cheap, I highly recommend it.", 5, 0], "OWPnh22A1BrkfeXome_BRg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/19/2016", "Maybe the best Sub I've had. Being vegetarian I assumed my choices were limited but not here. Had a sub called Blue fire - with lettuce tomatoes onions and fried breaded eggplant with blue cheese sauce and a spicy Caribbean dressing. The subs are around 8-9 dollars but they're huge. They also appeared to have some very nice looking soup and starters. Loved the place / will go here again next time in Ithaca", 5, 0], "eQOWwteV-6Pels90znCskQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/10/2016", "Friendly staff, delicious sandwiches and sides and really refreshing house made beverages! I recommend the strawberry lemonade! They also have delicious vegetarian options.", 5, 0], "jHcDo3pvRHxibecPCAGyGQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/21/2016", "These subs are huge! Just one of them could easily fees two people. I ordered the Cuban and Modena to go. They were both good. However I had asked to substitute the pickles in the Cuban for tomatoes and lettuce, and the cashier had trouble understanding what I wanted. After a few minutes of back and forth he finally got it and entered it into the system. When I opened the sub, it only had Canadian ham and pulled pork. No pickles, but no tomatoes or lettuce either. Normally I wouldn't be so annoyed, but it was such a meaty sandwich and the Canadian ham made it very salty. An addition of any vegetable would have given a refreshing element and it could have easily bumped this up to 4 stars. Just make sure the person taking your order understands any changes you would like for your sub. The Modena is drenched in balsamic reduction, which I love. But it was so messy to eat, especially how they wrapped it to go. Whenever I get subs to go they are double wrapped, which goes a long way especially when it's dripping with sauce! They also didn't distribute the reduction evenly, which is a shame because it did add a nice tang to the chicken. I'd recommend having lots of napkins handy when you're eating from here!I can see how this place would be popular with students but it needs to fix some hiccups before it really deserves a near perfect rating.", 3, 4], "CMJZmnkSM66UO8KujcfVjA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/16/2016", "sort of let down, everyone said how great this place is. I did not like sweaty, hairy, guys making my sandwich. how about an air conditioner and some hair nets?  I order the Philly cheese steak, the onions tasted like burnt oil, the meat was not very good and there was not enough to for the large amount of bread.. also order the home made chips, came out greasy and under cooked. too bad.", 2, 1], "v-oF_YeoDmOsSKRAV8WG1A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/8/2016", "A sandwich & sub lover's paradise. Best cheesesteak I've ever had. Fresh, baked-from-scratch breads and real beef (not the shredded stuff). This is a hidden gem and worth checking out if you're in the Ithaca area. There is a small amount of indoor seating.", 5, 0], "GiIK2ovDX4uS32wGvy9bpQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/3/2016", "So my girlfriend and I wanted to try something new for lunch and we came across this place on yelp. We ordered the Banh Mi and it was delicious. We split it for 9 dollars and it was plenty of food for both of us. Pulled pork was very good, with pickled carrots, fresh cilantro, cucumbers, onion, and mayo. Its a hidden gem in Ithaca on states street. Everything was very fresh and you could taste every flavor individually. The bread was thick and nothing was soggy or runny. For a cheap fresh option I would come here again.", 5, 0], "edNuxipN2Tm957wZtam_iA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/26/2016", "When you travel, you have to take good with the bad. And food choices for a vegetarian are not only limited, they are a RISK! So image when a risk pays up big time!! And I mean big.We stopped by Gorgers on way back home from finger lakes. When we pulled in front of the place, I was pretty sure I had used up my good food luck (you see we are foodies and don't eat at chain restaurants. And did I say we are vegetarians). So imagine my utter and absolute joy when I found that the food was beyond delish.I am not a fan of tofu but the way they cook their tofu is far from anything I have tasted. Any place that sells veg food has me as a customer. Any place that sells delicious veg food has there on repeat.", 4, 1], "YcqYr8y3pjEGgkxGu6bVgg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/15/2016", "Best subs in Ithaca! They're delicious, huge, and feature creative toppings on top of awesome bread made in house. One of my favorite places in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "K_biezSf-AnzljuWtprjKw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/13/2016", "\"In order to succeed we must first believe that we can\" - Nikos Kazantzakis. This was the first quote that I thought of when I walked through the mouth of this beast of an establishment. Being the Gorgers rookie I was, I found myself intimidated by the gorgeous Gorgers menu. A wide variety of different sandwiches stood before me as my mouth watered due to a strenuous drive through the Ithaca rain. I ordered a Modena sandwich, a Mediterranean twist on a classic chicken sandwich. When my sandwich arrived it almost broke the table, being the behemoth that it was. I tried to finish it but could not succeed. With a full belly and a satisfied tongue I was ready to explore the rest of Ithaca.", 4, 0], "Ch_1lVLxiHymsEaAlyyV0Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/29/2016", "I cannot believe it's taken me this long to write a review of my favorite restaurant in Ithaca. Sorry Gorger's! Look everybody, I've had sandwiches all over the continent. I was an interstate traveler for years, and have been obsessed with sandwiches for most of my life. Have I got your attention? Because this next bit is very important: The Eggplant B\u00e1nh M\u00ec is hands-down the best food I have ever eaten between two slices of bread. I have eaten it dozens of times and it never gets old. Strong and subtle flavors together that you can actually differentiate, nothing is overpowering. If you're used to b\u00e1nh m\u00ec in the asian districts of big cities, you may cry foul. Or maybe you will wake up and realize the wide variety of b\u00e1nh m\u00ec variants out there. This is one. Perhaps you will say \"but there's nothing like going to Vietnam and getting one with fresh bread and house-pickled carrots\". And I will say you are wrong. Because guess what Gorger's has? Yes, both of those, and many more things made in-house. You would literally have to fly me to Vietnam and show me what you meant, and I'm pretty sure I would still disagree, but thanks for the airfare and the sandwich! If you made it this far, you should know that all of the sandwiches on their menu are amazing and should be tried one at a time. Also the fries, my God the fries. Gorger's is THE place for Vegetarians (me) and Meat-eaters (all of the friends I bring when I go). So get your ass in there and prepare for a treat. Start with the Eggplant B\u00e1hn M\u00ec. You won't regret it. Thank you, Gorger's.", 5, 0], "McKLbVC1Mpi6HJxKxRXcmg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/8/2016", "Very happy I discovered this place. It's an underrated sub shop in the commons. But as a vegetarian, I really wish I found this place earlier. You can replace the meat on any sandwhich with seitan or eggplant. I tried both the Sweet Chili Chicken (with seitan) and the BBQ Chicken (with seitan). I highly recommend the BBQ Chicken. I wish they had a delivery option (to collegetown)", 4, 0], "p78NcH_X-T9FmlBjfkh02Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/21/2016", "Okay so I was skeptical walking into this place...not because it's a bit divey and not because it's more of a quick stop type of place--I go to places like this all the time. The issue was my friends and I came here after hearing here was a 1.5 hour wait at Just a Taste, a place I really wanted to go to. So when you go from Just a Taste to Gorgers Subs, I could not help but feel like I was settling.I. Was. So. Wrong. When we walked in, the first thing that really caught ,y eye was the beautiful blackboard artwork that displayed the menu. I am such a sucker for beautiful chalkboard art. The menu is simple, and easy to read. It is also SO accommodating of dietary needs. I went with a vegetarian and a vegan and I am a carnivore. My friends ended up getting the Bahn Mi with fried eggplant and I got the Bahn Mi with pork. We shared fries. It was delicious! Sandwiches come in a full and half sizes. A half size sandwich is more than enough for one person with an average appetite. My Bahn Mi was not exactly authentic but definitely flavorful and tastes very fresh. What I enjoyed was the Gorgers Sub bread was toasted but unlike a typical Bahn mi roll that is so toasted, it will cut the inside of your mouth, the toasted sub was perfect.We got here around 7pm and it were eating within 10 minutes. They cook sandwiches to order and everything is fresh, hot and just great. I've been meaning to come here for some and am glad I finally made it. Definitely will be back to try other things.As a side note, the place has longboards hanging as decor--uh awesome!", 5, 4], "3V6Am2iXcvijUAZXetv5Ow": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/12/2015", "I used to champion Gorgers when they first opened. They paid attention to details, the flavors were spot on and the quality and service were great. They are nice people and I hoped they'd do well. Now it seems business has picked up and they are usually busy and sometimes slammed when I go in. I've noticed that some of the attention to detail and consistency is being compromised as a result. Example: I loved the Modena with savory, crispy eggplant but the balsamic reduction is way too concentrated and, when applied too heavily, ruins the sandwich. Lots of mayo also has been slathered. Twice recently, I asked for \"light sauces\" on it and both times it's still been drenched with maybe a half cup of very concentrated vinegar. You can't like, scrape it off, either. Last night, although the balsamic reduction was certainly remembered, they forgot the tomatoes and the onions, two of just four essential Modena components, and we just couldn't eat it. They were so busy, I didn't want to bother asking for reparations. At $9/sub, that is disappointing. Guys, taste the food you're putting out, and be consistent.The fella at the front who runs the grill also takes the orders and handles the money. Impossible to succeed at and also gross. Hombres, hire a font-of-house person to manage orders and keep things together, if only on nights you're going to be busy. (Maybe a woman?)The bathrooms could use \"a woman's touch\" as well. (Maybe I have a sexism problem but when men get into the food business there are often, shall we say, \"certain compromises\" made. I'm a monster, I know!) I used to love this place but I won't be back for a while.", 3, 1], "icTYVbOwY6g9Yp9NN5hIZQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/8/2015", "Easily the best sandwich shop in town. My favorites are the chicken bacon ranch, the shrimp po boy, and the Cuban. And you get a good size sandwich for your money - $10 here goes a lot more than most other places.", 5, 0], "_K31CqvdLBDShQ_OV3Zkgg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/7/2015", "Gorgers is an awesome place to go to when you're ridiculously hungry and want a quick fulling meal that isn't dirt cheap but manageable. Average cost of a visit here is about 12-14 bucks. As people have mentioned it isn't the cleanest of places, total \"bros\" run this place, but it's not to a point where I'm afraid to eat there. The sandwich ideas are amazing, all the sandwiches sound great and nearly all of them can be offered vegetarian, fried eggplant and seitan are alternatives to meat.    Again as people have mentioned before me, but I think bares repeating, the bread is made on location and it's pretty good bread. They also offer flatbreads if that's your thing. My issue with Gorgers is although the sandwiches' components all are great, they aren't balanced. I keep giving these guys the benefit of the doubt because they are talented cooks it's just they out WAAAAAAY too much sauce on the sandwiches. Every time I've gone, whether alone or with my boyfriend or friends in general, we have the same complaint. Maybe next time I'll ask for them to go light on the sauce and that'll fix my problem? I don't know.    Portions are really what bring me back when I need something super hearty I head over to Gorgers. They offer 1/2 sandwiches too along with salads and soups so you can have a well rounded meal whether it be huge or not. I usually do a whole sandwich and get two meals. My issue is the fry size, you either get small fries which are an okay size, a little small for me personally, or large fries which are a huge, huge, huge portion. I really wish they'd get an in between size.      Today however something happened outside of the food that didn't sit well with me. When I entered Gorgers two women had already ordered and we're getting their food to go. They got their sandwiches but the guys forgot to get them their fries, they were in a rush so they decided not to wait for them to prepare them. To be fair fries are cut and made to order here so they do take a while(worth it in my opinion). Upon exiting Gorgers with their food the cashier decided to talk about these ladies, at least one of them in particular. He mentioned how he \"hooked up\" with this woman and other things you should generally keep to yourself. Had he whispered this to his coworker I wouldn't have cared because I wouldn't have heard it. He said it loud enough for everyone there to hear it, and even said where she worked at some point.    To many people this may not matter and they'll still eat there. I probably won't. I've given these guys the benefit of the doubt plenty of times and the food is always okay. If I'm paying for something I really want it to be worth it, I'm a broke college student. I don't want to eat food made by jerks.    BUT if you don't care about who makes your food and your hungry AF and on a budget and on a tight schedule then go to Gorgers!!!", 3, 3], "z2N9PqbkGV6ey0mlJWtciQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/29/2015", "Honestly I had zero expectations walking into gorgers but it was seriously amazing. One of the best subs I've had the mushroom and swiss. Awesome that they bake their bread free daily, also the french onion soup was super delicious", 4, 0], "Ukamku6ONhVyeGJ5kdEaZg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/27/2015", "Extremely tasty. I got the $7 lunch special of 1/2 sub (I got mushroom swiss I think it was called) a salad (I got the soy ginger), and a drink. I replaced meat on both salad and sub with seitan, because I'm vegetarian. Sub was insanely tasty, both filling, cheese, and the bread was perfect. Salad was also great, and a nice compliment. The meal altogether was very filling. Will definitely be back to try other types of subs.", 5, 0], "gSxUxeBlRXviA8sFiFT2zw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/12/2015", "I love their sandwiches!! So big and tasty. I usually fill up after eating half a sandwich. You can get the lunch special for $7.56 and you will get a half sandwich, small soup, and a can of soda. Their soups are really tasty too! One time I got a Guinness cheese sausage soup and it was so good.", 5, 0], "weToF9e7_eSRaGV0YDZFRQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/25/2015", "Food poisoning. The bahn mi was really tasty. And it poisoned us all. Terribly. So we won't be returning.The fries were super soggy by the time they took the fifteen minute car ride back to our house, but their actual flavor was fine.Also, less of a big deal than the food poisoning, but they forgot to include a salad dressing so we had to drive back and get it and they made no attempt to make amends (I feel like they should have offered something for requiring thirty extra minutes of my life because of their mistake, even something small like a drink.)", 1, 2], "wm0SaS6mNwCsLT3pHGLM6w": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/22/2015", "First time visit. Disappointed with food. Way too heavy adds such as dressings. Can barely taste meat in sandwich. Too bad because the food looked like it could have been tasty. Bought two subs for $19! Expect a better product for high price.", 2, 1], "fxjLJfsy8cURGOcxsMpf6A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/20/2015", "On a visit to Ithaca for a campus tour of Cornell, our family was looking for a quick and casual lunch before driving off to visit a friend living in the Rochester area. After some quick searching, we saw some positive reviews for Gorgers and their subs so decided to give it a shot.It was a pretty hot August day and the temperature inside was quite stifling, even with a few fans propped through the narrow location. Our order was taken quickly and we decided to eat there vs. our car. There was a great aroma and particularly the fresh made bread it appears they make on site. My only gripe about the location is that it was a bit on the dirty side inside --- the tables and floor weren't clean and garbage not cleared.On to the subs. I debated between the Banh Mi and the Sweet Chili Chicken and opted for the latter. While I really liked my sub, I watched them make several of the former and they looked out of this world (and I had a hankering once I started on my sub for something with a bit more bite). The bread was so fresh and soft, perfect for a sub. I liked that the chicken (and pork as my youngest son had a pulled pork sub) was not chunks but shredded. The meat was fresh, white meat and very soft and moist and the sweet chili sauce added a nice flavor. My oldest had a cheese steak with onions and by the time I looked over to try a bit, I got the last remaining bite. It too was delicious. My wife had a half salad/half sub sandwich while my daughter had a BBQ chicken sub. The subs were all quite large and well stuffed with meat and fixings and very reasonably priced. I can only imagine the parade of students from around that frequent this place for the large variety of subs at great prices.", 4, 0], "MRGfYS49mK1lkjQYHTrkQA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/18/2015", "Great Banh Mi sub. Bread is delish.", 5, 0], "FOUccI6V5JjD20qOoV1Q3A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/12/2015", "It may be a bit late to write a review, as the last time I was here was nearly a year ago, and I don't know what may have changed in that time, but I didn't feel right eating such great food without leaving a review. I had a teriyaki sub, and while the resturant itself wasn't anything special (just an average sub shop with average college students working there) the food was, it was without a doubt the best teriyaki sub I have ever had, between the sauce and the chicken, it all came together to produce an incredible taste, far surpassing that of any other sandwich.", 5, 0], "Ehl1AbQjAmH4k-apUGEQCw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/2/2015", "Amazing subs! Went with 4 people all subs were delish! Little dissapointed that a staff member was wearing a beater. I know it's summer, but a tshirt does wonders.", 4, 0], "xYxdHiznklny06LyiQf6Ig": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/27/2015", "generous portions but, we ordered a bunch of sandwiches to go and when we opened them 1/2 hour later on our picnic they were all soggy.", 3, 1], "hFY1sJ7MOdsi0SHJsVD70A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/17/2015", "Extremely good Southern Border Sandwich! Hands down the best sandwich in Ithaca. Comparable to Spiedie in Binghamton!Premium quality bread is a plus!", 4, 0], "R9NNqGadnyKKtAW45H2Zng": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/16/2015", "absolutely amazing place! fantastic food. very creative - and it all works. i may have to pick up for supper tonight....", 5, 0], "G4NlDNF0HHOZ9oxKkg5vdg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/12/2015", "Good food and service. Quick to the table. Large portion subs and salads. Good place to eat while in the area.", 4, 0], "NzaCcjd6wd0joZ1G7fEhQQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/7/2015", "Great local place. Huge interesting subs. Had the Cabernet steak with onions, sharp cheddar, lettuce and red wine reduction. Delicious. Skip the chains.", 5, 0], "WV57IlK3pV-arxwpT7QSgw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/6/2015", "Went here after hearing my friends rave about it and my friend and I got sandwiches and we were both unimpressed with the quality even though they were pretty large portions.", 3, 0], "lYzdVCEjtgJb3on9mGW0XA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/17/2015", "Read very good reviews on here, but was a little disappointed. The sandwich was fine. Bread was pretty good, but the meat and vegis left a lot to be desired. The pulled chicken was dry and the place looked kind of dirty.", 2, 0], "Xj-87FAhcwLFoXU3OpxChw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/28/2015", "Has to be the worst sandwiches I ever ate. Couldn't finish it. Tried my friend's sandwich too. Omg!! Nasty!! The meat smelled.", 1, 4], "fohrk8fvnLNTiORRz2cNOg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/6/2015", "Loove the food and atmosphere. Great food ideas, awesome bread and excellent soups. The owners are great and talkative.", 5, 0], "erULdPffmS9dL8DzXDHPKQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/4/2015", "Delicious, fresh, and affordable. An unassuming gem that I wouldn't have tried except the other Yelp reviews. Everything was made to order (i.e. meat wasn't pre-cooked) and came fairly quickly.", 5, 0], "9pPIvatAoG4dm7DXU4Mxmw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/17/2015", "Super delicious sandwiches and a lot of choices! I want to try them all! The portions are huge and the bread they use is very tasty and fresh. I suggest everyone to visit this place!", 5, 0], "I3KgdQCEgFozy2_ILjYDIQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/30/2015", "Amazing sandwich! I'm so glad I stumbled upon this place while doing some law school nonsense. Their buffalo chicken sandwich is what dreams are made of. And when you swap it out for their amazing ranch it's heaven in your mouth. They make their own bread which really makes a difference. The bread is great and you get a whole damn loaf for your sandwich. The whole thing! It's huge.Also their homemade fries are great. You can make a fatty meal out of have a sandwich and a small order of fries.", 5, 1], "kadWB7aB_vMVDgmlOn9vuA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/22/2015", "Stopped for a quick dinner with my friends a couple of weeks ago. SO MANY OPTIONS. The subs are freaking delicious. I also ordered fries and they were ok...but the portion is huge. If you order fries, you can definitely share them with 2 other people easily. However, what made me enjoy this place was the service. (I promised the girl at the register I would talk nicely about her here, but I forgot her name, sorry!!!) I would definitely stop by next time I am in town.", 4, 0], "ripTwUq3q4gHt2GgUHCsRg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/29/2014", "Huge subs for a great price, good vibes inside and friendly staff. Definitely liked it a lot.", 5, 0], "A0rcL8IYWX9DNNRvESfZvQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/8/2014", "I want to like Gorgers but the bread to filling ratio just kills it for me. The bread, while delicious, overpowers any hope of enjoying a balanced sandwich. Fillings are fresh and of a high quality. The Bahn Mi was good. I wish it had more pickled veg, but maybe I really just wanted less bread. The sandwich demands a crusty loaf and is not well suited for the soft sub roll. The Cuban satisfied. Staff are friendly and helpful. A red-sauce sub (chicken parm, eggplan parm, meatball) would be PERFECT for the copious bread loaves. Get on it Gorgers!", 3, 0], "RKleAbOInKys6VQ_llwNng": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/29/2014", "I personal believe Gorgers is better than CTB. The portions are larger, and it is less crowded. The Bahn Mi is delicious and worth ordering at least once.", 5, 3], "5ZAbCZ3F_oyj8VbiJM82jw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/27/2014", "Great sandwiches and vegetarian choices (eggplant). Awesome music in the background too : beck, rage against the machine, beastie boys, Cyprus hill, to name a few", 5, 0], "hTrkkWpfPBzxeogN7WPwOg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/15/2014", "Really surprised to find this place! Lots of options and the price is reasonable. People are really nice and they do care about the food they make. Bahm mi is fantastic. It's sweet and spicy. Thai sweet chili can be too sweet. The bread is also very good and it tastes a lot Better than the subway bread.", 5, 0], "bp7Whbrc6VqZLhJoplJ5ng": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/25/2014", "By far one of the best sub's I've ever had. They also have great salads and the French Onion soup is to die for.", 5, 0], "-ewlGbfMeCXaIlGy2V7e9g": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/8/2014", "These guys are great and make great food. Amazing just-baked bread and they go above and beyond to please the customer. The atmosphere is cool too.", 5, 0], "yL0Rl7hsnmiUTrSOc5M9mw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/9/2014", "So I've been here several times and I've never been disappointed. I don't understand how they provide such quality food for the price they charge, but in my opinion, they knock other Ithaca sandwich shops out of the park, especially by means of simplicity and speed. The pulled pork is amazing and affordable (other places around here treat it like gold) and their salads are delicious. The dressing seems to be homemade. I'd recommend the bahn mi sub, or one of their vegetarian items. The Seitan is very yummy. This place is one of my favorites.", 5, 0], "wgeaFxAOQEqDyd5piEgxdQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/5/2014", "We stopped here for lunch based on yelpers recommendations and it did not disappoint! The bread is fresh baked which is obvious when you bite into it. Definitely, the best sandwich bread we have ever had! We had the buffalo chicken sub, which was perfectly seasoned and just spicy enough. Who knew that the raw onions would make the sandwich. A must stop for any Ithaca tourist.", 5, 0], "J5a1wZixjQijToN6bEZy4A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/13/2014", "OMG Amazing. The Bahn Mi here is hands down best sandwich I have ever eaten in IThaca - possibly anywhere. My bf got the cabernet which outstripped anything else at CTB etc, though was pretty straightforwardly delicious and next time he'd probably try something more adventurous. $8 buys you a massive sandwich, I could have eaten half and been fairly full but of course it was maddeningly delicious so I gorged down the whole thing! What are you siting here reading this for? GO. NOW.", 5, 0], "v-ZRV-rjvogOswqfmzeh_g": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/4/2014", "They have some pretty good sandwiches here. It's a shame they're not closer to campus.They're located just west of the Commons. You can usually find street parking if you park two or three blocks further down.All of their sandwiches are around $8 and they are huge, especially compared to the stuff you get at CTB. You can order an banh mi here, which seems pretty popular. It's pretty good despite being unauthentic, though it could use less sauce (that stuff just flows out). Fries are pretty good here too. They're relatively cheap ($1.75 for a small order, which is still a fair amount) and go great with the meal. They're really fast with getting your food ready; the fries are probably gonna be the slowest thing.Service here is also really good and the guys seem really nice. The place itself is kinda dingy but I assume most people just do takeout anyway.", 4, 0], "-L6AZUoh6P0OQoV9TOC11w": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/3/2014", "Awesome subs! Affordable! Get the Bahn Mi Also, come for lunch, they have a special where you can get a half a sub and a bowl of soup and a soda for $7! Their salads are also pretty great and really big, especially for $6. Nice guys behind the counter, too!", 5, 0], "BvKT6uRqvOnjIoAucrJonw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/16/2014", "Say \"no thanks\" to CTB's puny sandwiches and get yourself a REAL meal. Wonderful selection and fun flavors. For all that is good and holy, TRY THEIR SOUPS! Best soups in Ithaca.", 5, 2], "U9ZtveseNW_hwg9va2p5xQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/12/2014", "Not everyone is a vegan in ithaca!Having read the reviews on yelp and deciding that meat and bread was needed after a hike to taughannock falls, I found a (lucky?) parking space right in front on a Monday.I'd already seen the freshly made huge perfectly browned baguettes- they turned out to be exactly the correct density and chewiness I want in a sub roll, Wanting the pork or the steak, I ordered the Cabernet steak sub. The sauce is a Cabernet reduction, tasted small-batch, with a fresh grapiness and tang that went well with the (NY?) sharp cheddar and Carmelized onions.Their meat is all slow cooked-I can't wait to go back and get another one!!I see they are opening a taco joint just down the block too.Great job guys!", 5, 0], "RfEZuEgpZ9rsIBreYlii_g": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/27/2014", "Excellent food, extremely friendly staff. They use the best ingredients (freshly made bread, moist chicken, amazing bacon!), and the menu is awesome and varied. The staff is super friendly, which makes up for the fact that they suggest a tip for even walk-in orders. The decor is a bit lacking, but I don't come here for the ambiance, I come here for the amazing food. I haven't tried it, but delivery is apparently free but a little slow. Best lunch in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "EmIhIAbkIiRVA0We0BCBpQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/27/2014", "I go there regularly! They make their own bread and actually care about their sandwiches. They're also really really friendly and take pride in their food, and the location is nice. If you stay, they bring your order to the table with napkins, and if you leave before you finish they'll wrap the rest of your sandwich for you.", 5, 0], "N08aKRAPaWgI-EnkxMRhdQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/26/2014", "Went in with high hopes, left with nothing because they ran out of bread at 6:30 on a Saturday. Can't comment on the food but I blame the lack of bread for that. Won't be going back", 1, 1], "WY3LSf2c99vgI_mAL55BbA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/8/2014", "Avoid if you're a vegetarian. I got a \"hummus\" sub, which I found out once I got the sub was a) black bean (?!?!?), b) included some kind of tomato flavor (!?!?!), and c) was so disgusting it made me ill. No warning that it wasn't, you know, normal hummus. They offered to remake the sandwich without it, which would have been bread with lettuce, tomato, and onion. Ambiance didn't help.", 1, 0], "177b64vGvyO85XPr9YP6MQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/6/2014", "Heaven has come to Ithaca! This place is absolutely amazing, so far I've tried 3 of the sandwiches and they've all been to die for. I look forward to continuing to work my way through the menu. The food is definitely priced well and sure is filling. The service is fast and the guys behind the counter are the most chill people one could ever encounter at a sub place. Coming from the New Jersey area, I believe that in a few years this place will have the same great local reputation Hoagie Haven in Princeton does", 5, 0], "HXonHtzhGZ5CjtWWGVhOwA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/5/2014", "So last time I had the chimichurri sub which was good if it weren't for some poorly executed chimichurri sauce. I gave them a second chance and ordered the Bahn Mi this time and it was solid. The bread and meat were fresh and the sauce was tasty. By no means is this a traditional Bahn Mi (don't expect the traditional fixings) but it was tasty none the less. My only complaint would be that there was too much sauce on the sub, but other than that it was great.Service was friendly as usual and they seem to have gotten rid of the only suggested tip options being 15-25%, which was odd for a primarily takeout business. Now no tip is a clear option, but I do wish they had a 10% option for small takeout tips. Honestly since they ask you \"for here or to go?\" would it really be that hard for the suggested tip amounts be based on your answer?", 4, 0], "fat4KXFJYhGdoLkoWOfiGQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "3/10/2014", "If you want a place that has a fast, fun, and friendly atmosphere, look no further. The food is absolutely delicious. Ithaca has a certain standard for good and unique eats and Gorgers does that justice. Everything made fresh to order, even seen them chopping their own potatoes for the fryer on the spot. Give it a try.", 5, 0], "BKbSR-tGhaXki99heC_PnQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/28/2014", "Best lunch spot around. Price is right, food is killer. Don't forget the fries! Owners are awesome. Can't say enough good things about this spot.", 5, 0], "9eN3shJ3S3mBtrDtpsLySg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/24/2014", "This is the best sandwich place in Ithaca (on top of that, it is also among the cheapest places to eat in Ithaca)...I am vegetarian and enjoyed both their Seitan and friend eggplant sandwiches..One of my friends absolutely loves their French Onion Soup (it is made of beef broth, so I havent tasted it)..My favorite sandwiches from this place are 1) Chipotle Seitan2) South of the border with Seitan 3) Banh Mi with Seitan (amazing)The ambiance is slightly poor but amazing food..go here for the FOOD", 5, 0], "EX9x8yVXKijxA-Hb2cmBWQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/9/2014", "This place is legit. On word of advice is to share your sandwich with someone. They definitely call this place Gorgers for a reason...the sandwiches are HUGE! I had the Bahn Mi and it was so so good!", 4, 1], "LzkLQ50OHGRSfRff24HITQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/18/2013", "I stopped with my coworker, on the way back to Rochester, for lunch.The first thing you notice after entering the shop is the drool inducing smell. Thankfully, the flavor held up to the high standards the aroma had set. The food was ready in about 5 minutes and was enough for lunch that day and the next (almost as good reheated). Delicious food for a very reasonable price.I got the Shrimp Po Boy and my coworker got the Chipotle.", 5, 0], "A0xjMW0l7AwL1GgBo8q05A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "11/3/2013", "A very modern sandwich shop appropriately run by a bunch of modern fellas.Simple put; the subs offered here are straight up amazing. Their menu includes all of the colors of the sub shop rainbow from meat to hummus.The combinations of some of these subs are brilliant, unique and delicious. If it's your first time and you like pork please order the Bahn Mi, you will not regret the experience. Most of their full size subs top out around $8 and you get order a half size if you wish. They are usually offering a soup/ 1/2 sub special which is well priced.Please don't compare this place to ShortStop or other deli sub shops of the like. This would be like comparing apples to oranges. Don't misinterpret that either, I love Shortstop. I think their subs are great and I love going there but these two shops are entirely different experiences. If you are looking for a sub with deli meats you go to Shortstop, if you are looking for some unique sandwich's on sub rolls you go to Gorgers.", 5, 0], "lYrsAG0B1LProNp0rquJLQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/30/2013", "I've tried this location a couple times, especially after working late some nights. It's on my way home, so it makes for a convenient stop.This little sub place is pretty close to the Commons, and the casual atmosphere is relaxing enough. It's the kind of place where I'd only get takeout, if only because the counter tables where you can enjoy your sandwich face a wall. Sure, there's stuff to look at ON the wall...but it's not exactly conducive to having a fun conversation or chilling with friends.I've tried a couple sandwiches here, including the bahn mi and the mushroom and swiss. The former was pretty good, but I was disappointed when I recently tried the mushroom and swiss sandwich. The steak was sinewy...chewy, and just tough to get down.The portions are significant, and the prices are pretty reasonable considering the size of the sandwiches. The credit card processing and tip issue, as someone has mentioned before, is a bit much. I have no issue with tipping, and I'll frequently give 20-30% tips for pretty good service at a sit down place...but if I'm just ordering something and taking it out? Eh. Seems less deserved.All in all, a convenient stop if you're in the area and craving a filling sandwich...but I wouldn't consider it a \"must try.\"", 3, 1], "-XTOUceHmdb5_ODB_vqaLQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/5/2013", "The food is fantastic! I love that they have wonderful vegetarian options along with the meat-based sandwiches. We will be back!", 5, 0], "U28w89BzsDLyp27-5uLklw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/28/2013", "Great value. Their sandwiches are inexpensive and huge. The dudes running this joint are nice as well. They'll go over the menu with you if you have questions. I was skeptical at first, thinking Gorgers was a total hipster spot that advertises \"gourmet local\" and serves up expensive mediocre food with a pretentious attitude, but it was pleasantly surprised by Gorgers. Their sandwiches are great and the guys working there are unpretentious. The loaded fries are amazingChicken Modena is really good, bahn mi is also good.Only negative is the awkward long bar for patrons wishing to eat inside the restaurant. Gorgers definitely functions better as a take out only type restaurant.", 5, 1], "R_DOnj4DEGTgdXEKlO9BGQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/26/2013", "I shall start at the beginning.The location, is both good and bad. Right down from the commons and directly across from the State Street Theater / Porn Shop. The good is that it is a high traffic area. The bad is that the parking blows. But that is not their fault ... the city of Ithaca needs to address all of the pay parking / lack of parking issues.The shop itself is small, in one of the older buildings with a pressed tin ceiling and hardwood floors. They spent a lot of time decorating the place to their tastes which makes it a unique place to go eat.Seating is pretty non existent, but it seems to be more of a take out place anyway (considering the parking situation), there is one long bar along the right wall with about 10 chairs.The place is spotless.Now on to the important part ... the food.I ordered a beef chimchurri sub. What I got was huge. I don't keep a tape measure on me or anything but it had to be 14 inches with a diameter of probably 6 inches.The sub was packed with grilled steak / onions / kale / chimchurri / microgreans. So much that it overflowed.The steak was good, seasoned well, not overcooked and generally flavorful.The chimchurri was strong, with a strong aftertaste (which may be a little much for some people).The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft as a pillow on the inside with a sourdough taste to it.With a soda and tax I paid a little under 10$.For the combination of good high quality food / size of portions / friendly staff (owners) / and overall value, this ranks as my new favorite sub shop.", 5, 1], "ScaQafwGxrMXY5Sq_7umrQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/24/2013", "My fellow Ithaca people stop what you are doing and get down here! This is the best new sub place in Ithaca. So I've been dying to try this place for awhile but decided I would wait until I could get time to stop in for lunch and by god, I wish I would've gone sooner. This place is amazing.First off it's not in the best location but hey, that doesn't matter to me at all, just wish they'd get more business cause they deserve it. Secondly I hope they do expand so they can up their seating. Currently only about 10-12 people can sit at a time though I found out they deliver so might just do that in the future. Though getting out of the office is nice.The subs were a bit pricey until I saw the size...they are huge and trust me, if you share a full sub with a friend you'll both be pleased. Not only that they PACK the sub full of meat and extras. I ordered the Banh Mi because those who know me know I love myself a good Banh Mi. The pork was perfectly cooked, the pickled cucumbers and carrots were amazing, bursting with so much flavor and the siracha mayo it was a perfect combo. The bread was soft yet tasted great and everything was just perfect and for $7 it was totally worth it.There is a limited selection of drinks which isn't a huge deal. If they could put in a soda fountain or a coke all-the-things machine this place would be in business let me tell you!As for the fries. They are awesome. They cut them fresh right in front of you and fry them. They reminded me of Five Guys fries and they were great! Wish they had some Malt Vinegar to throw on them. The service was pretty good too, the guys behind the counter were wicked nice.Overall this is my new go to place for subs. Ithaca Bakery, Firehouse Subs, Shortstop Deli and Wegmans have nothing on this place...well okay maybe Wegmans haha.ALSO, you CAN set a custom tip, under the 15, 20 and 25 there is a place to put in a custom tip if you wish to leave one. Just look at the bottom.", 5, 2], "j16wlA6WucxH6cGsHEaKSA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/16/2013", "We stopped here on the recommendation of some locals to get a sandwich for our drive back to Buffalo and I'm so glad we did. I can't say enough good things about their food. You order up at the counter and then they grill and put together the food in front of you. It takes 5-10 minutes and it's certainly worth the short wait.I got the Cuban Sandwich (pulled pork, Canadian bacon, pickles, onions, mayo and mustard), while my fiance got the Vegetarian Bahn Mi (with eggplant), and our gluten free friend had them make the Bahn Mi sandwich as a salad for herself. We didn't actually confirm that it's 100% gluten free, but she wasn't that sensitive to it for it to matter. As others have mentioned, the sandwiches are huge. At least two meals-worth, even if you're a big eater like myself. Not easy to eat while driving without assistance. I can see why it's called \"Gorgers!\"I ate half of my sandwich on the road (absolutely delicious) and saved half for the next day. Surprisingly, it even warmed up well in the microwave and was still tasty.My only suggestion for this place would be to offer more variety of breads (whole wheat, multi-grain, etc) for a potentially healthier meal. Otherwise, this is a fantastic spot that caters to sandwich lovers of all kinds: meat lovers, vegetarians and even vegans. Go Ithaca!", 5, 3], "7dtYEjcKTwPj6g9o4s3ipQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/21/2013", "This is the second time I've been to this place, and it's the second day in a row! The first time I got the Banh Mi which was amazing, and today I had the Mushroom and Swiss melt. Also while I was waiting, they started rolling out a batch of french bread. So glad there is a place in Ithaca that has all house made ingredients! My boyfriend tried the Banh Mi yesterday and we both went back today for more because we were hooked!", 5, 0], "SyOMgjN9ExozTFCERvyF5Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/2/2013", "Amazing, amazing, amazing. The sandwiches are made on freshly made bread, with very fresh, local ingredients. They have all sorts of different sandwiches that are actually interesting. I really liked the bahn mi and the cuban sandwichs. The best part? Only $7! Like seriously, just $7 for a huge sandwich loaded with fresh ingredients. Ithaca Bakery and CTB should go eat their hearts out with their overpriced, small, overhyped sandwiches. I think they deliver too - if they had opened in Collegetown, it would have been a sensation. Hopefully people keep supporting this place - it seems like good guys who run it.", 5, 1], "FkDLOGVCqIOA3BE57DHuTg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/26/2013", "These guys are really invested in their place, the menu, and their customers. After a short conversation about what they would recommend, I learned that all the sauces/dressings are homemade, as well as the bread, even the peppers are homegrown. Recommendations: Get the vegetarian bahn mi!!! Eggplant, pickled veggies, hoisan sauce, and spicy mayo on their homemade GIANT sub bread. (I got a half order and it was just the perfect amount for dinner. If I got the whole for $7 I would be definitely eating it right now for lunch.... dang... why didn't I get the whole one??) Both guys I was with got the pasta special ($8 for a full order, $5 for a half order) which was steak, shitake mushrooms, onions, pepper, over pasta with a homemade sauce... both of them were really impressed with it. Yes, it might take a little time to get your food here, but it's because they make it FRESH for your order! They have all the necessary items prepped, its just that they need to cook it for you. So settle down, you are in downtown Ithaca, not the middle of NYC, what's your rush? Good food takes time, and these guys know what's up. I will be back!!!!! YUM!Recommendation to the business: Make whole wheat bread options! (I didn't even ask if you had it yesterday, so maybe you already do, but it would be the cherry that tops my ultimate sundae!)", 5, 4], "0sYEpf944j6VfTjy6ICrgA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "7/22/2013", "The bread is fresh, the contents are delicious, the prices are eminently reasonable, and the portions are enormous - a half-sandwich is plenty for me. Try the Banh Mi or the Caribbean Fire. Sandwiches occasionally suffer from structural problems, so be aware that things can get a bit messy.I usually get take-out and bring mine over to the park or something, the seating options inside leave something to be desired.", 4, 0], "UX4-gjZ-Esizj04likKPoQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/30/2013", "I had the pork ban mi on french bread. Yummmmmmm. Spicy. The sandwich was delicious. However, I wish I had brought a friend, because it was enough for two people. There was a large amount of meat and veggies on the sandwich, and the bread is big and fluffy.There's a bank of seats against the wall and some interesting art on display. The fellows working the register and crafting my sandwich were really nice, too.Definitely worth going back.", 4, 0], "51GdV2-aZiceMc1AN4MzzA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "6/26/2013", "Holy delicious! Stopped in after a hike based on a quick yelp search. I really think it was the best sandwich I've ever had. I had the Bahn Mi on flatbread and my husband had the Cuban. Both great, but the Bahn Mi was outrageous. Lots of vegetarian options that looked great as well. Definitely check it out. Really nice guys behind the counter.", 5, 1], "hE13LVnTCEzCdDdBia7QKg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/19/2013", "I completely love this place. The bread is fantastic, fresh, delicious. I've tried a few menu items, but I love the Caribbean Fire sandwich. I've read that they make scotch bonnet citrus mustard themselves. It is so great, really flavorful and with a nice kick. Definitely for people who like spicy, but they did a really nice job balancing the flavors and making something really special and full of flavor, not just heat. I hope this place lasts, it is awesome and I am addicted to it!", 5, 0], "qU87WCT1q9jheMQ2pt6FNg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "5/3/2013", "Gorgers is one of the best new local places in Ithaca and I hope that it becomes an Ithaca institution. First, its USP is the HUGE flatbread or Italian roll sub sandwiches. My favorite is the bahn mi with some extra hot peppers added in. Their soups are also very good. The West African Peanut Soup is very, very tasty and flavorful. The subs are only $7 and are twice the size of the overpriced, undersized sandwiches served at CTB. Service is relatively fast and they use Square to process your bill - something I haven't seen anywhere else in Ithaca yet.I recommend everyone to go there at least once and you will never have another CTB sandwich again.", 5, 0], "rHRv_EBHh4IMDMxs13xRMw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "4/11/2013", "Gorgers is my favorite place to eat in Ithaca. The highlight is definitely the bread- apparently it's made on location and you can tell. I haven't tried the flatbread and don't really ever plan to because the bread is so delicious. The steak, pulled pork, and shrimp sandwiches are excellent. The reason you might hear people say they don't love Gorgers is because it's important to get the right sandwiches here- the chicken and BLT are below average. The french fries are also completely average. Stick to the right sandwiches and you'll agree this place makes some of the best sandwiches. It's a small location and the workers are really chill and laid back.", 5, 0], "Hx9nlEPQK9t7cE_FOohD_g": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/27/2013", "I had known Gorgers was there for a bit but just hadn't made it. I had read the previous review about a slim selection for vegetarians, being one myself I was prepared for only a choice or two.They now have clearly posted that you can get any of their sandwiches made vegetarian with crispy breaded eggplant! I had the Sweet Thai Chili sandwich and it was amazing, I thoroughly enjoyed it. I could just drink the sweet thai chili sauce.Fries were yummy too, great seasoning. And you def get your moneys worth of foodI would just suggest they offer some tofu kan or maybe tempeh as a meat substitute as well for those veggies who don't like eggplant.I am excited to go back and try something else.", 4, 0], "ytI4kv_rwYIgl-eUmgMI_Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/23/2013", "subs are great, especially when the bread is hot out of the oven. Bahn mi, coconut shrimp, and the chicken modena are a personal favorite. French fries are great and its a huge portion. One of the best thing about this restaurants is the soups, different one each day along with french onion everyday. The clam chowder is usually great, and I have never had a bad soup there. Too bad all their good reviews get filtered", 5, 0], "Lce48ggarQNVIoShjiploA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "2/17/2013", "We got a sub and were able to share it and fries between two of us. They happily made up some seitan to substitute for the meat option (they will do it for any sub, seitan or eggplant, though its a bit confusing) and it was awesome. The portion was generous and tasted really good. The fries were also good. It was generally really affordable, too. The seating is a bit odd, though--just a long counter against the wall...no tables so it's more of a take out or a lunch place.", 5, 0], "wF1rWpvnP71wdTAppj_oww": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/30/2013", "Delicious. We tried the Buffalo Chicken and the Balsamic Steak; both yummy. The buffalo chicken one may be the best buffalo chicken sub/sammich I've ever had! I cant wait to try the others. Btw, you can get fries *inside* any sub. This may be a saving grace for vegans/vegetarians here.", 5, 1], "jlShLCI4BDb6V8d-jMw90Q": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/25/2013", "My experience at Gorgers was spot on for what I expected, which is to say, a sub place. The interior is very simple, the menu straightforward. I had the Chicken Bacon Ranch and my friend had the South of the Border, both were delicious and satisfying.The things I weren't expecting: Pros: The subs were huge. This is not a Subway sub -- this is an actual sub. I really wish me and my friend had split one, because it was way too much food. You definitely get your money's worth. I also appreciate that they are trying to put a twist on some of the 'traditional' sub options and hope that they continue to aim for simple, clean food. Cons: I would echo what other reviewers have mentioned -- fresher ingredients would really take it up a notch (not to say that the ingredients were bad, but considering what was on the menu I wasn't expecting lettuce from a bag -- but that's probably what you get for the amazing price). I would also advocate that, even though I am an omnivore, the menu should be more tailored to reflect the culinary diversity of Ithaca by adding more vegetarian options. Even frozen (good quality) garden burgers would be a step in the right direction. I love eating vegetarian food, my friends like eating vegetarian, and I like going to places that offer those as options.", 3, 0], "CFJmfR9blaVpp3fkrLE7yw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/22/2013", "Gorgers is an appropriet name for this place. The sandwiches are as big as a mini van! Plenty for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow. Where else can you get two meals for $7 in Ithaca?The place is modest, open kitchen and counter seating for those who choose to dine in. Not much more is needed for this little gem of a sandwich shop. We stopped in last night for the first time and were impressed with the clever menu. You can get any of their delicious sandwiches on either flat bread or a sub roll. In additon, there are several vegetarian options. I had a tough time deciding on which sandwich to have there were so many wonderful choices. I had the Caribean Fire which was spicy and flavorful. The scotch bonnet mustard sauce had plenty of flavor which was balanced with heat. My companion had the chicken bacon ranch. The ranch dressing has a bit of a dill flavor which was great, not your typical from the bottle ranch dressing. The bacon on the sandwich was cooked perfectly. We also had a bowl of French Onion soup which was good, but not as hot as it should have been making it the only dissapointing feature of our meal. We didn't order drinks,and I noticed that there was a cooler sparsely furnished with soft drinks in the corner. perhaps this is an area to work on in the future.The owners are incredibly friendly and accomodating. I highly reccommend stopping in.", 4, 6], "1VgivyKGFiXaJ4McIRU4_g": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/21/2013", "Amazing food. The sub rolls are as delish as it gets, and good bread makes a good sandwhich. The soup is always superb, and the fry portions are huge and yummy as well! Interesting recipies. I recommend the shrimp po-boy and the banh-mi.", 5, 0], "Eb4J2SDBEr_-rFW1pKqA0A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/17/2013", "If you're looking for some creative takes on the typical \"sub\" sandwich, then Gorgers is the place. I'm shocked to see that there are only negative reviews of this restaurant. Plain and simple, it's a delicious place to grab a sandwich and fries with a couple friends.The owners/staff (two brothers, from what I understand) are incredibly accommodating and nice. The space itself is modestly decorated with some really cool original art (which is for sale at various price points).I love going with a friend for a lunch date, getting two different creations on two different sub rolls (total 4 different flavors!) and then an order of fries to share.The fries are absolutely to die for- to those who said it took to long, that's what you get when they cut the potatoes to order and fry them fresh every time! The portions are huge so one is plenty to share between two people.Add your favorite soda and you've got a classic, no nonsense \"Ithaca Style\" lunch joint.", 5, 1], "ZCBooNqTnyMGSVZwGwG6xg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/12/2013", "Really tasty, satisfying sandwiches. Gave us free fries while we waited. Good veg options.", 5, 0], "1fVggojxft1cF1pGAXipiA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "1/12/2013", "Super friendly staff! The rolls were fresh out of the oven and so good. You can make any sandwich vegetarian by substituting meat for eggplant. Absolutely delicious and can't wait to go back!", 5, 0], "Iv72szIW80bB_qt-I4Ocag": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/20/2012", "I got the chicken bacon ranch flatbread. It came open faced and huge. The flatbread is home made and wow, the creation was delicious! They even make their own ranch dressing with locally grown dill. The flavors were right on and while it was a bit messy, it was so good. They serve on butcher paper, so the mess is an understood phenomenon. I came back the next day and got the Steak Cabernet. Also delicious, but I liked the CBR better. I haven't tried the sub yet but this is a place I will continue to go back to. Oh, and $7 lunch for soup, sub, drink? Yes please!!", 5, 0], "ea0tYOQOJgucUfv8mAHuPQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "12/19/2012", "I love this place. Eat here everyday. People who talk poorly about it are crazy. Keep up the deliciousness", 5, 1], "udnXC8FwhPjtoLI3TCRtfw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/22/2012", "I've stopped in here twice, and had great subs both times. The eggplant parmesan was a million times better than the standard pizzeria fare: fresh ingredients and tasty marinara. The banh mi was also delicious: nice, balanced flavor on just-baked bread.As far as eating-in goes, the ambiance is a bit awkward - one long table facing the wall, and no music playing. Some music would improve things dramatically.Overall, it seems like these guys are working hard to make new takes on old classics, with fresh ingredients. It seems like a lot of work - I hope they're able to keep it going. I will be back for sure...", 4, 0], "Yek2hkGAIdDGOA6ujlloVg": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/9/2012", "The food here is phenomenal. Everything on the menu is unique and the subs I've had taste great. I've come here multiple times and every experience is excellent.  Owners are nice and easy to talk to and are happy to answer any questions. I should also note that orders get served quickly and are cooked right in front of you. My only complaint is that the place isn't designed well for dining in, but otherwise it is fantastic.", 5, 0], "nU-MlSisrOGq2S7a5Socog": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/7/2012", "I love Gorgers! I have been there a few times and each time the food is fresh and tasty. The flavor combinations are not what you would find at your average sub shop and the owners are welcoming and helpful.", 5, 0], "n-rM9fCa7ig5PDV4LehpDA": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "10/4/2012", "First off, I don't think this place merits an unfavorable review from people who haven't even eaten here, or to have their menu options written off as \"uninspiring\" if they haven't been tried. It's also pretty unreasonable to not expect a wait in a place that makes everything fresh, especially if there's a line. As a person who has actually eaten there and understands the concept of having to wait for food made better than that at a greasy fast food joint, I have to say that this is the best sub shop in town. The rolls for the subs are fresh and yeasty, the homemade apple/cabbage coleslaw is divine and the owners are generous and attentive. They asked my friend and me what kind of music we'd like to listen to while we ate and one of them even shared his homemade sriracha sauce with us. The atmosphere is small but cozy with a polished granite eating space and a wall of local low-brow pop art for sale that's delightful to look at and affordable; I took one home with me for 10 bucks. The menu is wonderfully eclectic, with subs topped with everything from Argentinian sauces to elements of French-Vietnamese baguette sandwiches that you can only typically find in bigger cities. The price also can't be beat. Why get a microwaved meatball sub at a chain when you can get a bahn mi or a savory treat topped with a wine reduction for 7 bucks? I hope this place sticks around for a long time and gets due attention!", 5, 0], "F0QwIXqfU3mopphE965z5A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/24/2012", "A coworker and I ordered from Gorgers for lunch last week. I was pretty unimpressed by their lack of vegetarian options but opted for the Pittsburgh Vegan, even though the description didn't seem like my cup of tea. Boy was I wrong, and glad of it. First of all, the sandwich was ENORMOUS for the price, and the bread... Obviously fresh baked and to die for. Sweet potato fries, fresh veggies, and a red wine reduction, ah-maz-ing. It wasn't the prettiest sandwich in the world but it was delicious. Another (also vegetarian) coworker saw me eating it and begged for a taste. She was blown away as well. The local delivery (on longboard) by one of the owners was a humbling plus and he was super friendly. We spoke briefly about meat substitutes and he was more than willing to amend the menu/add to it if we wanted them to cater an event for us. HIGHLY recommended. Don't pass this place by! 4 stars for now until I try a few more menu items (and I will).", 4, 2], "-f4NcxQUbu0uItZ_PWjC3A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/24/2012", "So far I have tried 3 different sandwiches at Gorgers and I have to say, while they were all good, the Caribbean Fire clearly stood out. It has a great kick to it, and is especially delicious on their home-made flatbread. I can also attest to their tomato bisque as well as their hummus--both great sides. I work in an establishment across the street and have taken to Gorgers as my lunch spot of choice. I can always count on friendly and timely service in addition to tasty food.", 4, 0], "q2LcesetkOpFiWAGEaHDMQ": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/19/2012", "I was in the Commons and saw the place.  Kind of shabby inside but that isn't always a good sign of good food.  Ordered the South of the Border on flatbread, which includes some shredded chicken and purple cabbage.  While the flavor was good, there was way too much liquid--saturated the entire flatbread which made it rubbery.  I also tried the garden salad.  Good dressing but the freshness was way lacking.  Romaine lettuce definitely pre-chopped-from-a-bag variety and much of it dicolored.  To make matters worse, it was quite a wait to get the food. Even just 1 or 2 in front of you means a 10\" wait.", 2, 6], "DicNKpbvfMb6LHtDMHPlig": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/8/2012", "I went to Gorgers for the first time this afternoon for lunch. I cannot say enough good things about the quality of their food. I had the buffalo chicken flatbread and my companion had the fried shrimp pop boy. Both the chicken and the shrimp were fried fresh, right in front of us. They hand make both their bread and all of their sauces on the premises, and everything was great and fresh tasting. I really need to repeat that they make both their rolls and their flatbreads fresh during the day. The slices of tomato that went onto my flatbread were so clearly ripe and flavorful that we had to ask the guys working there (who I assume are the owners) where they got them. Turns out they pick up their tomatoes on the way into Ithaca from a local farm. We did not have any of the sides, as the flatbreads were more than enough for both of us, but next time I want to try their sweet potato fries. Both of the gentlemen working there were personable and friendly. They are clearly excited about their new restaurant and it shows through in their efforts. Their decor is also interesting, with some local art hung on the wall for purchase. The only things they really need to work on are their drink selections and their layout. It would be great if they had a soda fountain or cups for water to go with their soda case. It would also be nice for them to have some juices, vitamin waters, or iced teas to go along with the pepsi cans, gatorade, and water. I think they would also be able to sell bags of chips very easily. I can see them having some real issues when they plan to stay open for late night after the bars close. They are going to have to figure out some way to form a line to the cash register while still keeping their door open. Overall, I think Ithaca finally has a gourmet sub place. I will certainly be back to try the rest of the menu.", 4, 2], "mibkE3f5B-69akiuTpkOHw": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "9/6/2012", "Quick warning: When they say an item is spicy, they mean it! I enjoy spicy food and their Caribbean chicken sandwich was almost too much for me to take. It was definitely flavorful, but it was spicy enough that I wasn't able to finish more than half of it in one go. I mean that as a good thing! All too often a restaurant will list an item as spicy when it's only mildly spiced and that's disappointing to me. These guys though, they don't mess around.I just wish my roommate (or one of their friend) hadn't taken the other half before I could get to it again!", 5, 2], "sUiRs2ccbJPNCo4G8NYz6A": ["Yelp", "Gorgers Subs", "8/27/2012", "I have been to this place couple times already since it opened and I can't get enough of it, I love it. Exaclly what Ithica needed! My favorite is the coconut shrimp sub on a flat bread. I never tried it anywhere else, it's Delicous! I absolutely recommend Gorgers Sub because the food is fresh and full of flavors, the prices are reasonable and the service is great.", 5, 0]}
{"zQGrCJlHSpn1e5_6D80Q9w": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "12/6/2018", "Certain traditional Chinese dishes. Price range average. Can provide Mandarin service. Great atmosphere. Fit for chatting.", 4, 0], "tUIA7uZ1CoFbRNPO9bRlHw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "6/23/2018", "I live in Syracuse and there are lots of Chinese take out restaurants up here and I've had most of them. I was sceptical about ling ling garden when I came here while visiting my old hometown. I'm very glad to say I was surprised by this place. Everything was great, the order was spot on, affordable and made perfect. This place is better then any Chinese restaurant we've got up here.", 5, 0], "0ZA2qqswOAGYYCJP7xq8fg": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "6/3/2018", "I'm a fan of Ling Lings, mostly because its convenient and I order before leaving campus and scoop it up on the way home. I've dined in a couple times and service tends to be slow. The food is good, and I have no complaints :) Its your standard Chinese food place no frills. The portions are a great size and I usually end up making one meal into 2.", 3, 0], "J2Y95Nmk5-OOX4HALW8h1w": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/8/2018", "Ling Ling Garden is your standard American Cantonese restaurant. Think General Tso's chicken, beef lo mein, egg rolls, and you get the idea. Lunch specials are cheap at $7.25 for a huge portion with fried rice and an egg roll or soup. Absolutely nothing special, but this particular type of Chinese food, which I occasionally do, you'll get what you're looking for.", 3, 0], "qcoQcrEV2XnxrxO8YkulOQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "10/25/2017", "Three stars is about right. It's about the same as every other Chinese food place you've been to. It was uncrowded on a Saturday night during Cornell homecoming, and quiet. The waiter was attentive, and the prices were reasonable. Are there better offerings in Ithaca? Sure. But those other places were crowded, and Ling Ling was near where we were staying. It was fine, if forgettable.", 3, 1], "2cYB4byuxFX81eBrN9RLtA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "3/3/2017", "Ithaca Yelp is weird. It's damn good Chinese takeout-- I've never had a single problem. Always quick, generous portion sizes, and pricing is spot on. It's my go-to Chinese food spot while I'm in Ithaca for school.", 5, 0], "eViMa3cikBk4vpISiv9nWA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "8/19/2016", "Ordered take out, and I was so pleased with the freshness of the food! When I got home I even had to wait a minute before I ate because it was still so hot. Beef lo mein was very tasty, and crab Rangoon was delicious. Sesame chicken was very good too! It's nice to know that on a Friday night they are making everything fresh to order as it seemed.", 5, 0], "QtonZS51UzJ1jJHSsIHJvQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "8/15/2016", "Sat down. Ordered cup of Coke. Debris in water and flys everywhere. Decided to leave as coke delivered. Didn't drink a single sip. Asked to pay $3.00 for untouched cup. Not happy from a long time customer.", 1, 1], "oKev23s0BfQez-Ja0N36gw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "7/27/2016", "YUCK! No silverware for my take out. No sauces in the bag. Every Chinese takeout place gives you sauces!!!! Worst pork fried rice I've ever had. Plain and it had absolutely no flavor. I only had about 6 small pieces of chicken in my combo platter.  D-Go to Spicy Asian or just find another place. Please.", 1, 4], "bUeOAmiLuzTVA-slBnc-SQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "4/21/2016", "This is just on my experience with this restaurant if you even can call it that!We go in and order around say 7pm10minutes later another family comes in *business is so slow* so we wait around 30min for our food and the other family gets their food within 10min! Like what the heck. Anyways when we got our food it tasted terrible just horrendous!Just saying if u have a choice don't go here, it's a waste of time and money. I would rate a 0star if possible.", 1, 1], "y8P6K72bW3D3axW-HCTrXQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/19/2016", "I have never been treated so rudely from the very beginning. The person behind the counter seemed very annoyed about doing their job and made us feel extremely unwelcome. When the food came one of the orders was wrong, they refused to make it right. As if all that wasn't bad enough what we were served was sub par even by this class of restaurant.", 1, 2], "Mjc0yzDOxzrg4fVLwZaZEw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "1/8/2016", "It's not Americanized Chinese food, it's just bad food. I'm not a picky eater, and I don't care if the waiter is nice to me, but the food is just so awful. The szechuan shrimp had some sad looking chewy shrimp, and tasted like hot sauce had been drizzled on top. The noodles tasted like salt and grease. If you're looking for actual, delicious Chinese food in Ithaca, I would recommend de Tasty Hot Pot.", 1, 2], "Gaj8j8j2IarDktKsLQ4DmQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "7/13/2015", "We've been ordering takeout from them for YEARS. As far as Chinese food goes, it is very Americanized. After trying other places in town, I've concluded that Ling Ling is tops in the soup department. They may not make their own stock, but it tastes like it. All their other dishes are ample, and full of vegetables and meat. I'm sure the Sysco truck makes frequent deliveries there - is there a Chinese restaurant in town that can deny using pre-cuts for veggies and meat?But, after almost ten years of going there weekly (I like soup, clearly) I can tell you that it's clean, and I've not once gotten ill after eating their food. You might not think that's a valid aspect of a review, but I can't make the same claim for some of the other Chinese food restaurants I've tried in town.", 3, 2], "_mOthi1BMfifNv15VW8rTQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "11/15/2014", "Great dumplings and good food but the server at lunch was beyond rude and totally killed the experience. With great service I would have given four stars! Food is always hot and fresh, the general chicken is the best in town.", 2, 0], "AVvuLFoXz7tr9EPXr7gFtg": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/23/2014", "Decent food, rude service.We went here with our young kids on a Saturday evening and were surprised the place was empty, other than people picking up to-go orders. We soon found out why. The waiter was rushed, inattentive, unhelpful and outright rude. They had no children's menu, small portion or \"plain\" options (couldn't even order a side of lo-mein noodles) and anytime we tried to ask a question the waiter was very rude and abrupt. We nearly walked out before even ordering, but we were very hungry and curious about the quality of the food. The rudeness continued down to the moment we tried to pay when he took one look at our Visa card and said \"No American Express\" and turned away. My husband had to chase him down and point out that our card was a VISA and didn't say \"American Express\" anywhere on it. And no, it was not a language barrier thing, just a \"I don't give a shit about customer service\" thing. After we left we agreed the food was a 6 and the service was a 1. As we live very close, may still get take out from Ling Ling Garden if we're really in the mood for Chinese, but I don't think we'll ever dine in again.", 2, 2], "QyCQaZ0spnmeuGB1B5ZvVQ": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "11/2/2013", "lots of food for the price. and good food too. nice pieces of good quality meat instead of other Chinese restaurants. We've ordered takeout multiple times and never had a problem (never dined in) This is our go to Chinese restaurant when we are in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "uiOOHYqFUSbU8SUJT6DsFA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "8/28/2013", "It's true what they say about Chinese food in upstate New York. I made sure to eat a lot of Chinese food on the west coast before starting up grad school at Cornell because I knew I wouldn't be getting anything good for several months. The food here can't even compare.Service here is pretty good, aside from the fact that they default to giving everyone a fork rather than chopsticks. The food is mediocre at best. I tried one of the lunch specials - roast pork with fried rice. It comes with a bowl of soup which wasn't bad, but the soup and the dish weren't all that spectacular. The whole thing is pretty cheap, but not as cheap as the (better) stuff that I'm used to.If this is the best Chinese food in Ithaca, I think I'll avoid all the other places.", 3, 3], "A6Of4VVrN-geQYAOdRjX8g": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "7/13/2013", "Ling Ling is by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in Ithaca. When I worked at Cornell, I was always able to go and have a nice sit-down lunch on my half hour work break. The service was so prompt! Andy is a fantastic waiter, he even remembered our names and our regular orders. Having grown up near NYC, I was used to some of the best Chinese food the City had to offer. Ling Ling definitely compares to the restaurants I grew up with. Lunch service is fantastic. If you're looking for a good deal, excellent food, and if you're dealing with a tight schedule, Ling Ling is the place to go. I've loved every dish I've had there and the hot & sour soup is the best in town!", 5, 0], "Rdz5fwL-kIA9Ct_F2r-aJw": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "6/2/2013", "Surprisingly good Chinese for upstate NY. My Chinese wife even liked it.We came in just expecting some passable food on a rainy day. The decor was not great. What we got was generous portions and fast service and pretty decent food. My wife even wanted to go back the next day.", 4, 0], "4z9BW90gSMbGpW-pqoJ3og": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "10/31/2011", "Summary: Awesome chinese for the price. I usually order from taste of thai which runs me like 16 bucks with tip. This place is right next to work for me and the dinner platters include are less than $10.", 4, 0], "CB9uXGgV7w7wldtaZuM1nA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "4/11/2011", "I think they must have gotten a new chef recently, because I went on Valentine's Day (the bf and I are classy individuals) and were extremely impressed. The vegetables were all very bright-tasting and freshly-steamed, the General Gao's Chicken crispy and flavorful. Nothing was soggy, greasy, overcooked, or any of the other bad things that lots of Chinese in the US sometimes can be.Yeah, it's Americanized, yeah there are pandas on the menu. Who cares? The food was great.Service was also quick, space clean, et cetera.", 5, 2], "Vh3ZaPgbpSkOOjKh7iI6XA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/22/2011", "Lunch started off really promising with delicious hot and sour soup so I had high hopes for my entree.  Unfortunately, my chicken with garlic sauce was more like water chestnuts with garlic sauce.  The chicken that was there was really tasty but there was very little of it!   My colleagues had the chicken with cashews and fared a bit better with more chicken than mine but still heavy on the cashews.Fried rice was \"meh\" - I was glad to be eating low-carb and leaving it on the plate.", 2, 1], "SePBfyyVrEMkM1k7DKqcfg": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "10/12/2010", "I have gone here two times when I needed to pick up a check at Cornell's payroll office next door. I'm not in east hill plaza often but I have heard good things about Ling Ling so I figured it was worth a try.On my first visit I ordered chicken and broccoli for takeout with hot and sour soup. The broccoli was horribly overcooked and mushy. The soup was relatively thin, a refreshing positive compared to the cornstarchy stuff served at most places, but the flavor was a bit too sour and not hot at all. The next time I ordered one of their generic fried dishes with sweet sauce (maybe general Tso's or orange chicken). It was the typical Americanized Chinese fair. Way too sweet and not crispy enough, the chicken was a bit soggy.One big plus though is that their takeout containers are very nice. So nice you could reuse them if you want. But that's about the only thing positive I can say about this place. I would give it one star but it is edible and considering there is no really good strictly Chinese place in Ithaca, its not like I can recommend an alternative.", 2, 3], "mrKl1STX8qCA_XJZL0OYvA": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "7/1/2009", "I always laugh when I think of ling ling gardens. If you're looking for authentic Chinese look somewhere else. But if you're looking for some of that greasy Americanized Chinese stuff then look no further.", 3, 1], "gqgHv4Q_pOVVVxE2OWV0Ig": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/22/2009", "Nice place, the food was decent (not the best, but considering this area of ny, it was quite welcome) and the prices were fair. Service was very quick, which was the best part.  Plenty of parking, walking distance from Best Western University Inn close to Cornell University.", 4, 0], "VI9RSd-Z_U8HAQoVQ7s-Hg": ["Yelp", "Ling Ling Garden", "2/19/2009", "Surprisingly good, given it's a Chinese restaurant in upstate NY. I've spent my share of time in metropolitan areas with numerous Chinese restaurants, and while this certainly isn't one of them, it's definitely one of the go-to Chinese restaurants in Ithaca. They don't have some of the more \"exotic\" fare I'm used to (duck, fresh seafood, etc.), but the pork and tofu-based dishes I had were great. Parts of the dining area appear to have been converted into storage space, which doesn't help the ambiance. They are neatly clean, though, and have Tsingtao. Like Ron mentions - the name is terribly stereotypical (a given, I guess, given the locale) - and the menu features pandas and bamboo. However, give this place a shot. I liked it, and you probably will, too. But please, feel free to order something other than the typical General Tso's Chicken!", 4, 7]}
{"EBu-feiKmCxr_WP96jP4-g": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "3/13/2018", "What a great meal yesterday. Met with friends at Stella's Barn as we know it is a short ride for us and the food is always delish. Had Pasta Prima which was perfect. The Alfredo sauce was nicely spiced and light...the chicken and artichokes were very savory and tender. Chicken Picata is also a go to meal, just delicious. Thanks Terry for taking such good care of us from the kitchen and Gabby in the dining room. Had plenty to take home for supper tonight. Friends really enjoyed their burger, cooked perfectly and the Pulled Pork sammie. You can't go wrong stopping by to have a great meal and sharing good times with friends.", 5, 0], "yxgU2iZxIYrroVL8blgUoQ": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "1/20/2018", "Great find! Thanks Yelp! Drinks were great and priced right with the service even better! Had the pulled pork Sammy and cowboy burger - both delicious! The sweet potato fries were a hit too!", 5, 0], "hYcFLyG28Vlu446wN35p4g": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "11/19/2017", "Nice little restaurant a few minutes outside of Ithaca. I have to say it is much bigger inside than it looks as I was surprised by just how many cars were there. The vibe is a cross between antique and country. We were seated promptly, and our waitress was friendly. I ordered the 'Barn Steak' which came with mashed potatoes and green beans. It was cooked a little more than the medium rare I asked for, but wasn't too bad. The mashed potatoes and beans were okay saw well. This is a decent spot for some comfort food. I don't think it's exceptional, but if I were a local and were close by, I could see grabbing a meal here from time to time.", 3, 3], "nf4NvmoeW0tzjT0M-dPi3Q": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "10/5/2017", "We've dined at Stella's before without much complaint, but this visit was really disappointing. We walked in as a threesome and started reviewing the specials board when a server strode up and said \"You can hear the specials at the table, I'll seat you.\", and off she marched. There were two small parties in the dining room, yet she sat us at a table on the aisle and up against a post - not great for the six and a half footer in the party. The waitress came out and did not go through the specials :(. We ordered dinners and an appetizer, and were informed there's a $1 up charge for the macaroni and cheese (not stated in the menu - it's included in the list of side choices). When asked for more cornbread, which was delicious, but in 1.5\" squares that didn't last long with the big guy eating (he's thin, but really tall and always hungry). That's another $2 up-charge. Okay, maybe people go crazy with the cornbread. However, when I pay extra for the complementary bread, I'm not expecting six of the eight pieces to be over-browned edge and corner pieces! I mean, seriously - they must cook this stuff in fairly large pans, do they save the outside pieces for people who ask for more?! So, the appetizer arrives, we enjoy it, and wait for our salads. And wait. And wait. And wait. And out comes our entrees. (Did I mention we were one of two parties our server had?). I mention this, and she hesitates and then says she'll go get them. I tell her we'll take them to go instead. As for dinner, my guests enjoyed theirs, mine was very sad. I ordered the Philly Cheese steak, promised to be \"Open-faced, baked with peppers, onions, and extra cheese!\" I expected crunchy, toasty bread with a nice mound of thin-sliced beef and grilled onion circles and bright red peppers, covered with melty cheese on top. What I got was a flat soggy mess of too-salty thick slices of beef and occasional slivers of onion and peppers swimming in some scorched cheese (?) sauce. With so many great places to eat in and around Ithaca, I can't see us returning here.", 2, 0], "H5RWwMc2si0lalf-txR4cw": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "7/14/2017", "Wife and I had seen the place driving by one evening. Lot was packed.Showed up on a weekend around 2 PM. Place was deserted. Hostess was friendly and considerate for our large party of 11. She brought out a large table for us and set us up in a room with enough space for our kids to run around.Service was fast -- which was to be expected given that no one was there at the time. Food was delicious. Brisket sliders were tender, juicy, and very tasty. But adding roasted pablano peppers on top sliders was genius. Gave them a kick and took it up a notch. Price was reasonable.Great experience for me!", 5, 0], "SHYyv1Qh4nflSATJW6skLw": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "4/18/2017", "This is a good restaurant given that it is away from the hustle and bustle of Ithaca. The decor is a nice country/rustic theme and the food is American fare with Italian flair. The service was quick and friendly. Cornbread was a general table appetizer and was moist an very sweet. I ordered meatloaf, which came with mashed potatoes and green beans. It was good, but the loaf was a bit salty. My daughters ordered the seafood pasta with white sauce. It was very tasty, but the breadsticks tasted like they were straight from the freezer. Overall, though, I would go there again.", 3, 0], "Pygi_1gItKFASN94dInjOg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "4/9/2017", "Excellent food, great wait staff, very friendly. I especially like the bartender Victoria(aka Tory) She makes you feel like you're part of the family. Definitely go here for a great time. Even if you show up by yourself, you'll meet a new friend here.", 5, 0], "Cs1eyBpWNg8Sz8GypryZ0g": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "3/13/2017", "The food was good. Actually surprisingly good. Too bad we had to ask the waitress almost everything...what is the soup of the day? What is today's vegetable? She wasn't exactly forthcoming with information. Perhaps she too was distracted by the poorly mannered group nearby. Unfortunately those customers which seemed to be known by the staff were horrifically self centered and rude with their small children, adults encouraging lots of LOUD shrieking and screaming.  The evening spiraled from a semi quiet place where one could talk to their companions with ease to a stressful dinner at the equivalent of a child's play space or chuck-e-cheese. Could not wait to get out of there.", 2, 0], "U4uhnWjMexMbpGOIQw2lzw": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "2/5/2017", "Great ambient..love the bar. Food was amazing and by far best staff around..we will return for sure! Love this place!", 5, 1], "jl6P3QE8IdaeB_bjVhARwg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "9/24/2016", "Lunch at Stella's today.Nice rustic atmosphere, friendly, helpful staff. The food was great and portions were generous.... $9-$10 for lunch.Try the sausage bites... yum.", 4, 0], "ErgKB_adplB7H0ljTSe9jQ": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "8/28/2016", "I was honestly not expecting too much since the reviews were all over the board, however I was pleasantly surprised that my service was great and the variety of dishes were great. Great prices coupled with great service was the key factor in getting the 4 stars. The only loss of star was the portion of food for a hungry large man was not there, but the wife thought her portions were great.", 4, 0], "geq_BcCwDflqycW6E1b8DA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "8/9/2016", "I don't know about Stella's. It has good reviews, but it wasn't really for me. It all started with a bad first impression. We stood at the hostess area, waiting to be seated and this woman just stood there, occasionally looking at us. At first I thought she worked there, then I thought she must not because she wasn't helping us. Then as I stared at her, she finally decided to come over and asked if she could help us. Yeah we'd like a table! She asked if we had a reservation and we said no. She seemed really put off by that and said \"I'll see what I can do.\" She seated us in the bar area, which was fine, but as we dined, I couldn't help but notice the restaurant had plenty of empty tables, including ones outside. It doesn't really seem like a reservation-type place anyway. Overall, she just seemed really annoyed to even be helping us with anything. So then there was the menu. All of the promotions for this place boast country-style comfort food, but it really wasn't anything like that. It was very standard American fare with an emphasis on seafood and steaks...not really comfort food. One of the few southern-style items on the menu, fried chicken, came out super dry. I mean really, really dry and there was barely any meat on any of the bones. It was mostly crispy fried breading. It was really probably one of the worst fried chicken dishes I've had. KFC does better.We also ordered some of their unique egg rolls. These were actually very good and I'd recommend them. We got the Tommie Rolls with spinach, feta, chicken, mushrooms and garlic. They were served with a side of marinara for dipping.", 2, 3], "uJz5LGiqFNFoK53Cx8YKLw": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "7/29/2016", "Had a delicious burger, sweet potato fries and an interesting beer, Shock Top. Service was good and didn't have to wait for a table.", 4, 0], "K6XzdMBC_WhXuLPsrzKonQ": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "5/7/2016", "Had a rehearsal dinner in the back room. Service was great as well as the food. Only negative was that the room was hot and could have used some AC. Decorated nicely. Very pleased with Stella's. Definitely recommend!", 5, 0], "_fvB6PUflXf6EoiBHivHxg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "4/16/2016", "Service was fair but I paid $28 for the steak special that was supposed to have a bourbon sauce on it. I got a grizzly piece of meat with a flavorless sauce. I won't be back.", 2, 0], "kjJ3PdQAexUv-hBMEyJrvA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "6/22/2015", "Pretty standard American food - nothing to write home about, but I was satisfied with my meal. I had the asiago panini with grilled chicken and French fries, and ended up taking half of the sandwich home because it was so filling. My parents are regulars and love the meatloaf and other comfort foods they offer.", 3, 1], "ZWcsoaP8tRfoSKRSosgZ4Q": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "6/3/2015", "This is my favorite breakfast place in Ithaca! I'm not a buffet person I like to just order the entree I want. Gotta try the stuffed French toast! I'm in love with it! The service is always prompt and polite. I love the quant decor. It's cute! Check it out!", 5, 2], "nsGBHUEzmnuWTGzX5CW67w": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "4/7/2015", "This was not my greatest experience, dining-wise, to say the least.Despite the resoundingly positive reviews I found the meal to be quite sub par. The lettuce was poor quality and the salmon was fairly unappetizing as well. My girlfriend and I both took only a few bites of our entrees before packing up. To be fair the toasted ravioli was decent and maybe it was our fault for ordering bad items. But still, a restaurant should show the same level of expertise in all their dishes - not just the fried ones.I would not attribute this experience to be out of the ordinary either. It didn't seem like an off night - the service was friendly and attentive.However, there was an odd addition to our bill that would have nearly doubled the meals price - and the waitress's tip. IT WAS MOST LIKELY A SIMPLE MISTAKE but adding another dish and $25 of \"misc food\" on the bill came off almost as fishy as that salmon.If you care to dine, check your bills, and bon appetite.", 1, 7], "5GbWNgykjGc0PZ79bwGeJA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "3/22/2015", "It was very clean and comfortable . The waitress was friendly. Ordered the philly steak came out on a big soggy bun . French fries were great hot and crispy and the little cornbread they hi when you first come in was very tasty . Will try it again though !", 3, 1], "en5Jgu-VNpttd2Q0NMbs7A": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "12/23/2014", "I wanted to give a good review but our experience was mediocre. The hostess wasn't even at the door when we arrived. We were a party of 16 with a reservation. It took 45 minutes just for the waitress to get our drinks from the bar. My boyfriends glass was so condensed from sitting for so long it slipped right out of his hand. The waitress got him and new one and charged us for it. I can understand both sides. But with years of customer service experience I don't think we should have been charged for the spilled drink. It was an hour and a half before we got our food. Which was just OK. The steak was over cooked and tough. The potatoes were dry. Pulled pork was pretty good. All the desserts looked like they came from a box mix. The waitress was cold and unfriendly. She never told us her name or the soup of the day. Just started taking drink orders(which like just said took 45 minutes to receive) We left unhappy and none of the 16 that attended will be returning.", 2, 0], "RPpQQqWB5QrH3fJPsvv_jg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "12/16/2014", "The best restaurant in Newfield! I've been here twice and love it. Wonderful servers, comfortable atmosphere, and fabulous food. We got our meals quick and the steak and seafood was on-point. Definitely worth it.", 5, 3], "Z45MN18Glam9pHBJS0BXXA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "5/30/2014", "Such a friendly place with nice staff and good food. Garlic mash potatoes are great!!", 4, 1], "yag-j_me3QXPcJVHatSUcA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "2/24/2014", "What a great little place. We went this evening. The food was delicious and reasonable. I had the meatloaf and it was really good. Served with gravy and garlic mashed potatoes. Yummy. My husband had the chicken breast and also enjoyed it. The cornbread is the best I've had. We will definitely go back again. Good service and the waitress even gave us extra cornbread to take home. How great is that?", 5, 5], "DXfMZvok-ACrd6MKowRbHg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "12/16/2013", "My mom wanted to try it out, so we asked to see a menu before sitting down to see what vegetarian/ vegan choices there might be, if any. I saw they had a veggie burger offered, and asked the waitress if the veggie burger was made with cheese. I was assured by staff that the veggie burger itself was vegan, and cheese free. When my food arrived, the veggie burger was indeed made with cheese in the patty. This was extremely unfortunate because there wasn't a single other thing on the menu that I could eat. The waitress handled the whole thing with grace and worked with the kitchen to come up with something for me to eat, which I truly appreciate. However, overall this was a truly terrible dining experience. Aside from that disaster, the sweet potato fries were pretty good, and my mom seemed to like her fish sandwich. It wouldn't be fair to expect every restaurant to accommodate every dietary restriction, but I don't know what else I could have done to avoid this misadventure.", 2, 5], "9B2ATTSPtzui9nc5ZLrY-w": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "7/30/2013", "Stella's Barn was a treat. It's only about 15 minutes outside of Ithaca but no one in Ithaca has food like they offer there so it is worth the drive,The atmosphere is \"causal country\" but very nice. I'm Texan so I loved the Texan stars. The server, Jennifer, was so great. She was friendly and helpful. The food was GREAT! The cornbread was delicious, cakey and sweet but not overly so. The salad was just so-so. We had sweet potato fries for an appetizer. Outstanding. Amazing. Delicious! They were thick cut and well cooked AND they came with an awesome dipping sauce.I got chicken fried steak and it was GREAT! I was so impressed. It was crisp and savory with a nice cream sauce. The sides were lovely, too, mashed potatoes and zucchini. My husband had the chicken in a basket (fried chicken) with mac and cheese. Again, the entree was great. The chicken was crisp and delicious. The mac and cheese was cheesy. :) Lastly, we split a piece of fantastic peanut butter pie. We will be back!", 5, 3], "1zIQHQGyoyyjvwKNQH_xpg": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "4/23/2013", "A charming, laid-back restaurant in the middle of nowhere. Lots of interesting touches offered on the menu. There's same old, same old comfort food for those who want it, but entrees like cheese-stuffed rigatoni with chicken for those looking for something new and different. Their sweet potato fries come with \"special sauce\" for dipping. The servers are attentive and warm. From the outside it looks like a country gifts shop but the food is well worth the trip there.", 5, 2], "nARgACL6lZzyUik6AGsImA": ["Yelp", "Stella\u2019s Barn", "12/2/2010", "Stella's Barn is a little gem located about 15 minutes outside of Ithaca. Its certainly worth the drive.Stella's Barn offers great food at a great price in a comfortable, laid-back, environment. The staff and owner are very nice, knowledgeable, and accommodating.I'm a vegan and they've always been great about accommodating me, even though they're a small place near the middle of nowhere. I always get a heaping amount of pasta with fresh marinara.The salad is probably my favorite part. They're quite simple, but obviously extremely fresh and you just can't beat that.My boyfriend loves the (free) cornbread and raves about the salmon.Overall this place is a cozy country spot worth the drive.", 5, 5]}
{"_sepvJH7PH5Zp8D-1di8Ig": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "2/23/2019", "Food wasn't that great, but I could see how the atmosphere would be nice to sit outside during the summer. The \"Crab\" Benedict was fake crab, and the Reuben had to be eaten with a fork. Probably will not return", 2, 0], "Yc5oTdm8i-aYTPH_awzanw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "9/20/2018", "Very friendly and accommodating staff. Nice outside seating with a quiet atmosphere. Great food and variety of options. A++", 5, 0], "f6KXI8vsqzKW1tlQA-UQYw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "6/11/2018", "Not the best food here, but fun atmosphere near the dock. Our waiter was very nice however most of our orders were slightly incorrect. The omelets were pretty good and the hash really was great, but everything else was kind of so so and overall I think I'd try something different next time.", 3, 0], "jrXpf9mY5qrw0Mtk-doCEg": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "12/23/2017", "I recently ate dinner with my family at Kelly's and it was one of the best meals in Ithaca. The atmosphere was delightful with the inlet and lake in clear view. The quaintness of the joint was quite breathtaking. I had the scallops and they were phenomenal and not over salted like many places . I even was fortunate enough to meet one of the cooks, Tyler, who had actually made my meal. He was extremely nice and a sharp young lad. I would definitly go back and reccomend it to anyone seeking a causal dining experience.", 5, 0], "Xi_sdPowjgv0_Nh70UZp6g": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "7/3/2017", "Hidden gem right on the water! Service was awesome and the food was great. Be sure to check out all of the decorations and photos on the walls! The price was perfect as most places in Ithaca overcharge. Will be back soon!", 5, 1], "uyiIO851IlPo4h2E8ZU7tQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "5/7/2017", "We came because all other diners had waits and they advertised as world famous. The food was fine..but they charge double what they should for it. A side of hollandaise sauce was $3, almost the price of the poached eggs.. The young waitress was nice and efficient. The atmosphere of the restaurant was shabby and ants were crawling on the ground as we ate. I felt like I was sitting in the early 90s. The place could definitely benefit from a facelift. We gave Kelly's a second chance, but likely won't return.", 2, 0], "okmv65GNY7xDyO2oFd-Elg": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "5/6/2017", "Really appalling service, with terrible food. Part of a group event, they showed no care for the service and wanted us in and out as fast as possible. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.", 1, 0], "LT0_X157q8at-eZQC7nqTg": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "3/18/2017", "Kelly's has absolutely delicious omelets and home fries. I get a different one every time I come and it's never disappointing. During the warmer months, sitting on the patio and listening to the inlet is relaxing. The latio is also isolated from other businesses nesrby. Service is great and they've always been very polite. Highly recommend!For the college students (and others) in the area, this is amazing hangover food.", 5, 1], "KiAFwQwZISahiPeOTl6Rnw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "10/16/2016", "Great place. Visiting with dogs and welcomed us all with smiles. Cindy was very nice and gave dogs water. Omelets were very good. Staff made you feel welcome. If in Ithaca with pets must stop.", 5, 0], "etlfVzyOtpmReepHkGFWcg": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "10/9/2016", "Good service, decent food. The waitress looked young but was attentive and nice. The mimosas hit the spot. I ordered a ham and cheese omelette with hash browns and wheat toast. No complaints with my meal. I would return if I was driving through.", 4, 0], "7J5U6b4nSuNX8il6ZV74Dg": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "8/21/2016", "Was really good. Had a fresh mozzarella tomato basil caprese salad that was wonderful. She had a toasted bagel with some good stuff on it as well. As a light lunch it worked.", 4, 0], "vJgw2D8a2Fp_oeovcMaj5g": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "8/7/2016", "Amazingly bad; I cannot fathom where reviews higher than two stars came from. The food is terrible, the dishes are not clean, and the service is poor.I went to Kelly's today for breakfast with my boyfriend. The restaurant was not yet busy and we were excited to check out the patio, which has been raved about here. First we ordered coffees and my mug was caked in crusted food; it looked like oatmeal. The waitress brought me a new mug and we ordered standards off the menu: a Western omelette and over-easy eggs with sausage. In my omelette, the onions were nearly raw and the peppers tasted dirty, like they hadn't been washed. My boyfriend's eggs were severely undercooked and the waitress charged him extra for toast, which she hadn't mentioned wasn't included with the eggs. I ended up sending my omelette back because I couldn't eat around the dirty peppers and raw onions and the waitress said she would adjust the bill accordingly, which she didn't-- we were charged in full. We also never had our water refilled during our meal even though it was a hot day and half the time there was a dirty server's tray on our table that she had neglected to move.", 1, 3], "sWJ-Ij6JB9S-0ro9OUJoGQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "6/19/2016", "This is a definite place to eat for an evening on the patio. I don't think our experience would have been as great if we had to eat inside, but the dockside patio is charming. Our waiter was extremely attentive and knowledgeable. He under quoted our bottle of wine price but on his own accord let us know he would honor the price initially stated. Crab legs were great. My kids ate better than they have at a restaurant in a long time.I noticed previous comments about the bar bathroom (which I agree needs some work): FYI there are much nicer MENS AND WOMENS restrooms upstairs :)", 4, 0], "0eT7e7NIijdMNk62D4nyMA": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "6/16/2016", "The food was good, drinks were great, and the view / weather was amazing! We especially enjoyed our waiter, Steve, who was very attentive and patient with our crazy group! He was so helpful by recommending yummy dishes and bringing everything in a timely manner!", 5, 0], "U68qZ3i8Kqa3s5V8jg2OQw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "4/24/2015", "The owners were exceptionally nice to us. We came in after closing and they still served us amazing food and treated us kindly. A home style restaurant with nice people! I highly recommend.", 5, 1], "dz4LdI7TueXehBOBgW1_qQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "11/11/2014", "Sometimes the best places are a little rough around the edges. Do not let the exterior (or the interior) scare you away. There is no better place to have a beer and some thoroughly fried food on a weeknight. Enjoy some colorful characters, rustic ambiance and the sublest hint of nature. Kelly's is concurrently a diamond in the rough and the rough itself.", 5, 0], "WiUxlwcAUlSwlu8WlHj5aw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "10/18/2014", "HORRIBLE RESTAURANT. Rude Owner. Made us pay for meal when they had not informed us that all you could eat meant you had to eat all the crab legs including the knuckle. which is fine if you like that but I do not. I asked the waitress to ask the owner how much to pay for our meal since we didn't touch it and he replied to her all of it. This is when I became furious because I could tell that he just didn't care about anything but money and not pleasing his customers. They did not inform us til our meal arrived and that those were the terms and then acted like that was the policy for every all you can eat crab legs establishment. Highly recommend if you enjoy walking out of a place like you had just been bent over and railed like Jodi Foster. I am an educated and intelligent person believe me this isn't some irrational idiot who never dines out. I know when I've been scumbagged and this is the definition of.... FUCK THIS PLACE...... PS I know scumbagged isn't a word. Kisses...", 1, 13], "_gkF0GuoTQj99oT20e-zsQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "7/10/2014", "I really love this place for breakfast and lunch outside on the back deck, not sure why it has such a low rating! It is right on the canal and is so beautiful and serene. One of my favorite spots to just have a coffee and bring a book. The food was not outstanding but it was totally tasty and fine and I would recommend this place to anyone passing through Ithaca who wants a scenic breakfast.", 4, 0], "d32Bul4eY0jZd-yVuWivrw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "6/14/2014", "Service is below par. Two different meals had hair in them, please have your cooks wear hats. Meals don't come with home fries so make sure you order them.", 1, 8], "USxMpbZrGctTMrk4Q5jTRQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "11/21/2013", "Good for breakfast. Absolutely the worst for drinks. Stopped on a Friday for a couple of beers-what a mistake! $4 beer! While we didn't expect the Ritz, we expected the prices to reflect that. Lousy service(at the not-too-busy bar I might add).", 1, 2], "7aLck6EpmqcYej1RIKaXLw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "5/11/2013", "Lunch here was half decent. Service was good but there's nothing special or bad that stands out about the food.", 3, 0], "b_7ejC-iHvNRiZkDK-WXkw": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "1/11/2013", "Really sweet people! ?Go here & grab eggs anytime.Only thing I would say is the place needs an energy uplift, maybe some redecorating/updating.", 3, 1], "iL2DfgUowWUwbwgWAtHSzA": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "8/19/2012", "My husband & friends & I wanted to go for Sunday breakfast someplace new (to us), and decided to try Kelly's. We've driven by dozens of times over the years, but never stopped to dine before.It was a gorgeous late-summer morning, and were excited to have the opportunity to get to sit out on the deck. The hostess walked away though before directing to exactly which table to sit at, and were stood there confused and not sure where to sit.After we were finally seated, our drink orders were taken. The server returned quickly with our beverages BUT she spilled the entire glass of OJ all over the table and us. And our cup of coffee was only half-way full, and had many coffee grounds floating in it. The OJ was replaced, but the rest of the meal we sat in a sticky, wet mess, and had a bee hovering around us our entire meal.The food was OK, but nothing special. Our over-easy egg was completely hard-boiled, and the hollandaise sauce was not good.At the end of our meal, the server managed to drop more items; my knife fell on my foot when she grabbed the plate.When the bill came, we wer hoping to see that the OJ would at least be comped, but no suck luck. The bill had not been adjusted for the spill (which completely soaked my friend's outfit and shoes).Again, not impressed, and certainly won't be hurrying to go back.", 1, 14], "wdNLho2WU4VkQAA0ZEcbyQ": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "7/12/2011", "I recently stopped here for a burger around lunch time and the place was almost deserted. The hamburger patty was obviously frozen/pre-fabricated, the pickles were low-quality, and the appetizer tasted like it was heated from frozen. It was clear that they used the cheapest ingredients possible in order to cut cost, but the quality suffered as a result.A shame, really, because the deck is a peaceful setting with a lot of potential.", 2, 7], "zAa3G3h-9rfCdKxhmBE5mA": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "6/19/2011", "Just came back from Sunday brunch here and felt compelled enough by the meal's poor quality to leave a 1 star review. The food was seriously, seriously bad. Seriously - it's terrible. I had french toast with the texture of a wet newspaper and my partner had crabmeat eggs Benedict that was possibly the nastiest thing I've ever seen.Nice people, nice atmosphere, but profoundly terrible food.", 1, 17], "92aPSd_d0NdsqsJFOuOpoA": ["Yelp", "Kelly\u2019s Dockside Cafe", "8/31/2009", "I happened to stumble upon this cafe while my friend and I were on our way to Treman Park. Upon arriving we were greeted by a very friendly server who told us to choose a seat out on the deck. We decided to sit by the water and watch all the kayak rentals go by. That was entertaining. Our server was friendly and quick. I ordered the fried fish sandwhich and my friend ordered the scallops. My fish was crispy and fresh not at all greasy. The scallops were really good. We were pretty impressed. As we were leaving at least 2 people wished us well and to have a good day. It was a great start to our day at the park!", 5, 6]}
{"yvjrqqqbLW7Fdu8woXDmdw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "2/17/2019", "Seriously delicious coffee. A wall of windows letting the sparse but welcomed Ithaca sunshine in. Perfect spot for quiet book reading while enjoying the brew of your choice. Quick service with a smile.. never experienced a line. Did I mention that coffee is amazing. You should go.", 5, 0], "BL2sUi7BACvYbJw5x_QxTw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "12/17/2018", "The vanilla maca latte is wonderful. The space is cute and small. They have good donuts delivered occasionally. It's a nice small study spot near the commons.", 5, 0], "xgj8BhicsAf86qCUlpE2FQ": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "10/14/2018", "Love this place. A very good cup'a joe. Nice mellow bright vibes, really good coffee. Overall double thumbs up!", 5, 0], "u5Rm3Y-DT9x3uPAPV8YZLw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "9/17/2018", "Unfriendly staff, expensive, upcharge for almond milk! Chai latte was watery and the clove overpowered the flavor. Will not return.", 1, 0], "dVdSX2E6nkTeVLkgSC56lQ": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "9/8/2018", "Just wanted to update this to acknowledge that the staff has gotten much less hostile (if still, sometimes, impersonal) since I wrote my last review! The coffee remains excellent, and can serve as a nice complement to the increasing/rotating food options sometimes set up in the Press Bay Alley area. Some easily accessible milk choices (and not just half-and-half) would be nice, though!", 4, 0], "GK0_wkkqouMcGj7wMq3m3A": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "8/18/2018", "This is a cute little caf\u00e9 if you're looking for simple and cleanly. The coffee is delicious and good quality. The ambiance creates a wonderful place to work or study. It's a great place just to drop in and grab a to-go drink or take a moment away from busy downtown Ithaca. Regardless, highly recommend!", 5, 0], "WiZPwMQtZ97Wida0wP8A_A": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "8/14/2018", "I was im-PRESSed by this cafe. This space is modern, chic, trendy and hip. The space looks like a shipping crate store with large garage-style industrial windows. The garage door window can open up during nice weather. There is only street parking. I had an iced black coffee for under $4. It was delicious. It wasn't too acidic and didn't have a murky, burnt, over roasted aftertaste. I liked their simple and straight forward menu. The worker was quick and nice. Their prices were fair for a trendy coffee spot like this. I liked the fresh flowers they had and the bright open space. They also sell pastries. The space is very small so it's not great for large groups. Most of the tables only seat 2 people.", 5, 4], "0HAgm3mxEgUw5RAMKoh4OA": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "6/30/2018", "Good place to stop in a grab a great cup of coffee. Athough they could improve on the social invirment.", 4, 0], "5voV9SDY6HBn-pZ0NasJSQ": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "6/1/2018", "I have no doubt you will receive a tasty and quality espresso-based drink when you visit here. When the weather is nice, and the large overhead door is open, you cannot beat the ambiance of Press Bay Alley.I have oftentimes, however, found the service to be impersonal: no eye contact, no smiles, and more than once my finished drink was put up on the counter without the barista announcing it -- which is common courtesy in most coffee shops.Finally, the cafe is very small, as well as the tables and chairs being petite. For this reason, it's a decent place to sit with a phone, a book, or to have a conversation with a friend, but it's not suitable as a space to get work done with a laptop or to sit with a larger group.", 3, 1], "EYW1xpyldehbUKjAgyYfjw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "5/11/2018", "I very cool little place that makes a great cup of coffee.I was visiting family from out of town and stopped here to grab a cup of coffee. It's a very cool little place that's built in a very interesting way. Super minimalist, clean, mostly glass design. Their regular coffee was affordable and incredibly good. My wife didn't get any but commented on how great it smelled and she used to work in a coffee shop. Their menu was very diverse and had a few things I wanted to try but I just wanted coffee at the moment. They even had a good selection of goodies to eat. I was only here briefly, but the barista was very nice and their condiment bar was well stocked with lots of choices. It's located in a cool part of Ithaca that seemed like it would have been fun to get out and explore more but we were crunched for time.Like i said it's a brief review receive since I was in and out of here in minutes, but if i'm ever in Ithaca working on college papers I'd stop in here.", 5, 0], "auL46t0byfNxstLjoQpKeg": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "4/1/2018", "Everything is right here. The atmosphere, service, food, and most importantly the coffee. I wish I had this place near my home ... Note: the seating space is small.", 5, 0], "tsKz1Ru8lGuuUifXI6quEg": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "3/20/2018", "The espresso/coffee are pretty good, although this can vary depending on who prepares it. The only downside is one of the barristas who can come across as rude. Considering her job involves working with the public it doesn't seem like the best match. For example, she doesn't maintain eye contact. It's a little odd when you're placing an order and she looks way over to the right, as though you don't exist.", 2, 0], "xcf3EPY_TBRWsSbpsHF7EQ": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "2/8/2018", "Where else am I going to bask in the sunlight over coffee and listen to my audiobooks??? This place made my otherwise dreadful, routine, wintertime morning in Ithaca very pleasant today. Limited treat selection, but a wide variety enough to satisfy most. I opted for the lemon poppy cake and it was everything I wanted it to be. Maybe some more savory options in the mornings would be nice. Only downside is the lack of outlets. I did some sort of interpretive dance looking for one when I bought my laptop there once in the past. I've decided that I am okay with the outlet scarcity because of the limited seating. I am sure they don't want people setting up camp there.It is a relief to be free of the GIMME COFFEE monopoly. Things start feeling the The Truman Show (1998). Sometimes I just don't want coffee that makes me feel insane and has a 50% probability of wrecking my bowels.", 4, 0], "3ajPJUg6Zu9jS4L1hMQprQ": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "1/23/2018", "Good coffee, hipster atmosphere. The vanilla maca latte was really sweet and creamy. I have no complaints. Kind of preppy for my vibe, but it was fine. The barista was very friendly. It was less busy than Starbucks and CTB which could be good for studying if the library wasn't across the street and free.", 4, 0], "BQj3kuaJYGPRNqUylS5JMg": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "12/26/2017", "Wow, was happy to find a place that feels like home. I wouldn't call the baristas snobby or off putting... just sarcastically friendly. I guesss I have thicker skin.The espresso was solid, good flavor and body. The milk in my macchiato was a touch over steamed but the other times I've been there it's been on point.", 5, 1], "mRHog9T8UXS6WYpxpHhCBw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "10/17/2017", "Fantastic coffee. I had the decaf, which was toasted by Copper Horse. This is one of the best decafs I have had. On a nice day, sit outside in the alley and be entertained by the circus Arts students next door.  The indoors is also a quiet, modern atmosphere for quiet time.", 5, 0], "Bonn9v0Wdfh3W1tpFEg2Aw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "10/4/2016", "Disappointed. Both the execution of espresso and the attitude of the barista... in general, the shop really is just so so...", 3, 0], "986IYZvySSfVlKPwzJiTvA": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "9/17/2016", "Great cup of coffee. Perfect actually. One of the best cups of coffee that I have ever had. I had the Colombian. Horribly unfriendly and snobby female barrista. I almost walked out...hence the 4 stars.", 4, 2], "WSqxU3_5V5mZaRT7yzh9lw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "3/14/2016", "On a day trip to Ithaca a few weeks ago, I spent too much of my time in search of a quality coffeehouse to hang out in. Unfortunately, I did not find one, but Press is as close as I got to my ideal coffee experience. Ambience is very hipster, but in the most uncomfortably elitist way. Press has the potential to be a cute, minimalist coffeeshop; however, the dead silence and underwhelming service contributed to the \"trying-too-hard\" vibe I got upon arrival.Coffee was decent. I got a seasonal latte and took sips of my boyfriend's red-eye, neither of which were particularly exciting. We arrived in the early afternoon in search of a caffeinated pick-me-up, so we didn't try the pastries, but they looked standard.Overall not a particularly thrilling cup of coffee, but Press Cafe is definitely your best shot (ha, get it...espresso shot?) at a solid caffeine boost in downtown Ithaca.", 3, 4], "pXLY2I5T1MNffE87MwUg4A": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "2/20/2016", "I'm pretty obsessed with & addicted to coffee, to the point where I took a trip for my birthday last year to Seattle to try out as many coffee houses there as I could fit in 5 days! That said, this is easily in the top 3 coffee joints I've ever tried. I discovered this place on my way home from Ithaca about a month ago, simply because I was in need of my daily caffeine fix before a 5 hour drive, and I'm happy I did. My dad got a mocha, I had a latte with (I think) soy milk. He said that his was perfect, not overpoweringly chocolatey or sweet so that it still tasted like coffee and not hot chocolate like most places do. Mine was also perfect, it was definitely one of the smoothest lattes I've had which is something important to me in an espresso drink. The espresso had that nice, almost earthy flavor that gave it some interesting texture which contrasted the milk nicely. Overall, this place only competes with my two favorites which are in Seattle and Italy.", 5, 1], "HPPclkdMKR4vhkRyCK6slg": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "1/11/2016", "--- Updated to 3 stars since the chair situation has only deteriorated since I wrote this review several months ago. Press Cafe is especially great in the summer when the garage doors are open and breeze comes in! Both the cold brew and the drip coffee are good. The wifi is also strong for those looking to get some work done. Contrary to one of the reviews here, I've always had pleasant interactions with staff.My 4-star rating stems from the fact that Press Cafe's plastic and metal chairs are very uncomfortable. I would come much more often, but the seating doesn't lend itself to staying more than 45 mins. Also, there are few outlets, so make sure you charge your laptop in advance. With a few cushions on the chairs and more stable tables, this place would easily get a five-star review in my book.", 3, 1], "DjonzjndGRzr5cFJ1b97Ew": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "12/28/2015", "Hot cocoa tasted awful, bad customer service , and boring atmosphere. High prices to match.", 1, 0], "JMVmFYh-FLXwWWlJuhrTsA": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "12/24/2015", "Press Cafe is the best coffee shop I've been to in Ithaca- and maybe anywhere. The shop itself is minimalist and beautiful. The staff are helpful and friendly. The espresso is top-notch. The staff (listening to them talk shop) obviously know their stuff. And... and...Okay. Confession time.I've always dreamt of having a coffee shop of my own. I've been to several shops that made outstanding coffee. But *my* shop was going to be different, because it would carry carefully-curated accessories. It would have a very small selection, but you'd know if you got something (a grinder, a scale, a press, a kettle) that it was the best there was.Well, Press beat me to it. I don't have a shop, but I do my homework on accessories. Take a look at what they have, and do hours of research on each item, and you won't find anything better. These folks have created a mathematically perfect coffee experience. You'll be happy you checked it out.", 5, 3], "AUYT_ZDfvsbqkGrz2_-wUw": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "11/18/2015", "The best coffee I've had in Ithaca! I've been hearing I should try this shop, but it's a bit off the commons (in Diagon Alley, er, I mean Press Bay Alley) so I hadn't had the chance... until today. Can't believe I waited so long! What was I thinking, settling for mediocre espresso elsewhere?!Cappuccino was truly a cappuccino, not a latte (imagine that!) Foam was perfection! The coffee was excellent. Smooth, aromatic, no hint of burn. Price is high, but for the quality, it's absolutely worth it. The shop itself is rather stark, but not altogether unpleasant. High ceilings, white walls, metal tables/chairs, black & white photos. I could see it being a good place for writing or studying. A cozy couch might be a nice addition! The barista was talented, though aloof.I will go out of my way to come here in the future, for sure!Note to PBC: You have a narrow bar that runs the perimeter of your shop. Would be perfect for people/car watching... Yet you have no bar stools. Please update!", 4, 2], "8g1sehrXNOOljJ4s9bVbMA": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "10/13/2015", "The four-star rating is strictly for the drink I ordered. I'll be back as Press Cafe's cappuccino is easily the best I can remember having--strong and smooth, with little to no aftertaste. The shop itself is a tiny affair and one of a handful of small businesses that took up in the Ithaca Journal's old press bay. I would've liked to get a pastry as well, but they were overpriced (even relative to Gimme! Coffee) and looked like they had spent a good while in the case. I'm sure Press Cafe has got a good crew, but the particular barista who served me was kind of checked out. He rang me up after preparing my drink, not before, so I was standing there cash in hand for a few minutes until he was done. Then he went out to take a smoke break leaving just a few customers inside and no one behind the counter. Like I said, at the end of the day, I'm in it for the coffee, but I think there's room for improvement on the baked goods and service fronts.", 4, 1], "axsqANxLDvULegiQEYnmGg": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "5/20/2015", "Espresso is amazing, staff is so kind, environment is clean and comfortable, the 2 shot almond milk iced latte was the best latte I've ever had. Don't sleep on this coffee opportunity.", 5, 1], "TgQAAfwYigi_r9Q9sB431A": ["Yelp", "Press Cafe", "5/19/2015", "Beautiful new shop! I usually get a cold brew, but everything I've tried has been good. Pastries are better than any I've had elsewhere. My favorite is the oatmeal cookie. Plenty of outdoor seating. Catercorner from the public library and great spot for people watching!", 5, 0]}
{"Nx06kY_YOX_MhMQABypIXw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "1/26/2019", "Best pizza in Ithaca and best wings in Ithaca and wing sauce my fav mix hot with the bbq and the bbq chicken pizza and chicken bacon ranch pizza", 5, 0], "sQ2WJunyrMyFux6WTg2nPw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/29/2018", "Pizza was okay but could be crispier. Sauce could be better.Breaded chicken is chicken fingers chopped up so not chicken cutlet and not much hamburger meat for $3 per topping.They don't honor their menus pricing or discounts on it. Prices are inconsistent then what you see in store vs the menu.Got told I had an old menu but it was the same exact menu sitting on their counter that they were giving out so essentially false advertisement.The kid I dealt with was a nice guy and very friendly. The older guy with facial hair with the red sweater was very rude and annoyed when I confronted him about the menu.", 2, 0], "Is63quC5L311-IO_7ufM7Q": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/15/2018", "The food is great, especially the falafel and fries. One star off for the \"no refills\" soda machine, tiny ketchup packets, and crummy interior. But it's the food that counts!", 4, 0], "px7zcIZDT97ISYtxlWFJkA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "8/8/2018", "We ordered shawarma pita, hamburger and pizza. I think pizza was the best one. Shawarma was okay, couldn't taste the meat a lot. It is costable anyway. Don't think it was a clean place ald\u0131.", 3, 0], "F2NlMhtTdUrSoEEHQut_tA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "8/6/2018", "Best NY-style take-out pizza on The Commons. The crust is perfect! Fast, good pizza by the slice, at low prices. It's a take-out place with counter service, so don't expect much ambiance if you choose to eat in the restaurant. Also: the staff is friendly and accommodating.", 5, 2], "sYzmOQ7H3OgMxs-qP_q7eg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "7/21/2018", "Ordered and was delivered an hour and a half late. Called 3 times to no real response and then finally they claimed to have called us 5 times but my phone did not ring even just once. When my pizza was delivered a slice was taken and was left at the door appearing to have actually been two pizzas half eaten and put together. Never go to this place if you want anything that resembles customer service or mediocre pizza", 1, 1], "QCPyLAOJDDbOochoBboS4Q": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "6/16/2018", "Last night at 1am I came in and asked for a burger. Last week I did the same thing. They told me they only had slices available, so drunk me was innovative and ordered the burger from them via Grubhub. I got my burger and it was great but why the fuck couldn't you give me it in person?! Sober me is not happy about the delivery fee", 1, 0], "ZI6BPNaQxnmD5z29kv5icw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/27/2018", "Don't get the Philly cheesesteak! They put mayonnaise or some sort of sandwich spread on it! Wasted $28! But the pizza was DELICIOUS", 1, 1], "-gvrLE_q5oGTzI5S0GGfbA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/29/2017", "This man actually verbally assaulted I asked him a simple question and he asked me to get the f*** outta of his store I am so offended by this mans actions. I question a guy about his donations which - speaking of can anyone verify? - and he genuinely kicks me out of the establishment. Is that indicative of bad behavior on my part, or a lack of accountability on ownership? This is a disgusting establishment who fraudulently pretends to donate money to the homeless... and that's not just pathetic, it's outright illegal. :/", 1, 3], "WMtS2f0XieN5R4tEuRzB7w": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "10/3/2017", "I had a broccoli and chicken pizza with white sauce that was very bland. I liked the crunch of the flat pizza crust but the chicken was shriveled up, chewy and dry. It may have been old leftover pieces of gyro meat. I am unsure. I had to remove the chicken halfway through my pizza because it was so rubbery. It looked like more like fried pork rinds than chicken. I think that the slice I chose was probably the oldest slice on display because it was sitting by itself. I probably should have ordered a fresher-looking slice but I really wanted broccoli. The pros of this place is that the inside looks pretty clean, they have tons of food options (burgers, gyros, pizza, sandwiches, fries, chicken wings, garlc knots etc.) & they open until 2AM. It is a great place for quick food or late night munchies. It was cold inside when I was there because they left the front door open. The BF got a double patty cheeseburger with American cheese and a side of fries. His meal was definitely better than the pizza. I would have given this place a 1-2 stars for the pizza but the fries made up for my pizza experience. Another pro is the quick and friendly service. Workers greeted you when you entered and thanked you when you left.", 3, 0], "7OFHbC4vmQ6HurVpWFPCRg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/7/2017", "The gyro plate was overpriced for how small it was and how bland. Oasis Grill in Collegetown is better and cheaper. The service was awful. My friend, standing right behind me, got passed over for ordering a few times before speaking up and then was chastised for asking. If the manager or owner reads this, you should talk to your staff about service.", 1, 0], "hZFSIkGOu0lJyJTGL_EF6Q": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "7/28/2017", "Extremely rude, unpleasant owner. Also worst pizza I've ever had. Stay away from this place!!", 1, 0], "jx6uP3kCN_eOqOjfjiRb4Q": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "7/10/2017", "Someone working at this pizza shop was kind enough to give me a can of ginger ale before the store was open. I was walking through the commons, saw the pizza shop, and tried to open the door - it was locked - but someone inside still came out and asked what I wanted, I just said a ginger ale. He reached into the cooler and gave me one, free of charge. It was a really nice small act of kindness that is hard to come by!", 5, 1], "ejzNLNOGYCgqOzo-TRfq9A": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/22/2017", "The service was great, the girl at the counter was very nice and friendly. The food was delicious, ESPECIALLY the hummus! We also had the Shawarma and Chicken Shawarma Pitas, and they were good, too.", 5, 0], "WEsXpt24AuMrUURhV_0_Yw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/8/2017", "The pizzas here are not that great . They are often cold. But typically their pizzas are always ready and there is very less or no wait time. The tiramisu here is not good at all . The shawarma was too dry and served cold. Overall, not a great place to eat but decent for a quick pizza slice.", 3, 0], "3UKWfjlCyN_rX-_dE0xTCw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "3/2/2017", "Stopped here after walking around Cornell campus. Ordered the lunch special-gyro and fries for 7.99. There was plenty of sauce, fries were crisp and meat tasted fresh. I was stuffed afterwards. Staff was very friendly too.  Next time I would like to try the pizza! It looked really good!", 4, 0], "v6WtrkbHIKk_ULhcEV9nPA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "2/13/2017", "Slices with a side of staple. I went and picked up some pizza to go for my boyfriend and I. Halfway through one slice, my boyfriend found a staple, with his mouth. I hope I don't have to stress how dangerous a staple could have been if ingested, and he is lucky that he didn't cut his mouth or swallow it. I immediately called Casablanca to let them know, and while the people I interacted with seemed nice, their manager never returned my call, and I don't think there is much that they can do to retain my business after this incident. When I first called, the person working the phone line was apologetic, took my information, and said the manager would call me. 30 minutes later, I got a call from a delivery person saying he had a pizza for me. I was confused. We hadn't ordered a new pizza and didn't want one. I ended up feeling bad for the delivery person,who at first thought this was a normal delivery and didn't understand why it was being refused. I called Casablanca back and spoke to the same guy I spoke to originally telling him I refused delivery. He relayed a message to me from the manager apologizing and offering a 20% discount. He also let me know they had thrown away the remainder of the pie that my slice had come from. I recognize that there isn't much that they can do other than what they did. They tried to make amends. But I would have appreciated a call from the manager rather than a surprise pizza delivery. I hope that they keep their staples ( I guess from take out orders?) and food prep separate in the future.", 1, 1], "62daXmjC64x2sIgu5OdYTA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "1/28/2017", "They advertise themselves as the best pizza in the commons, and I don't think it's a crazy claim to make. Obviously, that title depends on your taste and pizza preferences, but I think it fits.They make thin-crust pizza that is, in my experience, oven-baked with a more that average level of crispiness. Not burned, but not soft or greasy or doughy. Their slices aren't by any means dry or stale,but find a sweet spot. I haven't tried anything but the pizza, but it was good enough for a second round. A friend recommends the buffalo chicken as well. They definitely have a local, welcoming feel. You don't feel out of place here. They're friendly. Some good slice + soda deals for $5-6. Great for lunch or dinner.", 4, 1], "AXABfvz8kf1UiJP3f1JEWQ": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/30/2016", "Best tasting thin crust pizza in Ithaca. Always packed after a night out in the commons. Doesn't look like the nicest place but the pizza makes up for it.", 5, 0], "dGKXK_t-yM--fm1FzPBDNQ": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "11/7/2016", "I love this place.Very affordable and they have a wide selection of food choices too. I recommend the shrimp scampi pasta or the gyro cheeseburger. The people here are all cool and friendly too.Again, would recommend this place to anyone :)", 5, 0], "i8-bOyUTVSwAJ9bXKeyVFg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "10/23/2016", "Great food and quality. Very nice staff and atmosphere! Will come back soon for more. The best pizza in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "TwG1CkhbkuJalmXdPQsEuQ": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "10/3/2016", "Great music. Great staff. Good food.Place has nice small atmosphere. It fits in well with the area. The staff was very kind to me and even though they charge for refills, let me have mine for free. Don't know why, they just seemed genuinely kind. Food was good. I always love me a calzone but they have a WIDE selection of calzones and Stromboli that aren't OMG great, but very good.I'd recommended trying this place out. Not like you need to get here ASAP, but if you're ever in the area, give it a try.", 4, 0], "VoEmZ5paNFnRMhrrcq-qVA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/26/2016", "Del was extremely helpful this week when we had to place a catering order a day before for a event. He provided us more than enough food for a discounted price. Everyone loved the food. Will be sure to order from Casablanca next time!", 5, 0], "cDyB6mlImBuYRuoJ0-ZG7g": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/24/2016", "I come here often (at least once a week) and I usually get their calzone and wings. The wings are by far the best wings I've had in Ithaca (been here about 2months). I also get their chicken kabobs dinner from time to time. I don't know why they get negative reviews, I will continue coming here.", 4, 0], "Mp9J7J0IAArzYS7U8ciOfg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/3/2016", "First of all this place is not closed.  Yep shows it closed in a Saturday afternoon. Right on the Main Street with shops. Pizza by the slide with good options eggplant toppings, traditional , chicken parmigiana.  Gyros etc. we had pizza by slice and it was good. Place is clean and fast.", 5, 0], "XZ6Uc5O9deavo9pEIrVwQg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/24/2016", "There's going to be a lot of people here complaining about the look and atmosphere of this place. Clearly this is not a place you make an occasion out of. It's \"I really want some pizza, stat!\" This is my go to place for delivery pizza. And when I'm around the commons and want a cheap lunch.", 4, 1], "f6haqMXR-jFfm0TX2H8Q8g": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "3/22/2016", "The past couple of times we have gone there, the Pizza was slightly burnt on the bottom and had a burnt taste too. However, the staff were very nice and friendly. We are going to try them again, despite our burnt pizza experiences because, we went there often over the summer and always had great tasting food so, we do believe that the past two times could have been a fluke and that they deserve another chance.", 3, 0], "aMhP4lSK1e9u3SqJ1lJGQQ": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "2/28/2016", "Reallyyyy weak pizza, I'm not picky at all and I thought their pizza sucked. Would not recommend at all.", 2, 0], "Zgy3DJkNyOCnhC61If7D8A": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/18/2015", "Come here all the time for lunch, and once and a while order a whole pizza. Thin New York style pizza which is delicious and crispy, and very nice owner and staff. Decent prices, and good pizza. I'd recommend this pizza shop over any other here in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "mN8fIhrLpIIelWs1X-S4zw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "11/25/2015", "Easily the best pizza place in the area, even New York pizzeria. The staff is always super nice. They've even let pay them later when I was short on cash. The pizza is classic new York style, with a crispy crust and perfect sauce every time.Their other food is also excellent and affordable", 5, 0], "R6Zgo79aUdtiLWlDURKIAA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "10/15/2015", "Not clean. The food does not taste fresh. Flies roam around the eatery. Even though the guys behind the counter make an effort to welcome me. It does not cut it for me since the place made me lose my appetite. I noticed not many people come in here. The place look deserted. When I came here I saw a couple of people enter and an order a soda or fries. The soft drinks tasted watered down and very unsavory. The grilled vegetable tasted a bit bland. I wouldn't bring a date here or anyone for that matter. This will be the last stop to eat if I had no choice.", 1, 3], "anIUQg8PIpFyTbN3WLGyOA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "9/6/2015", "Inexpensive tasty pizza, friendly folks. The falafel was yummy, on the spicy side, good tzatziki sauce, fresh pita. Served with fries which they claim are the \"best in Ithaca\". They were fresh & hot, however, they are the crispy coated batter kind - not my thing. Wish there were cucumbers on the pita. The interior of the restaurant was hot & unappealing, so we ate out on the commons.", 3, 1], "vCuGcs6dmvMdvUHmISAnAg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "8/29/2015", "There's not much to say about this place - for a quick pizza snack, it was adequate and fairly cheap. The pizza isn't going to blow your mind, but there isn't anything majorly wrong with it. Similarly, the seating/ambience is a standard small fast food place feel (a bit plasticky, but clean), and the counter staff were friendly. I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it, but similarly, I wouldn't warn people away either.", 3, 0], "7WmdNe0EN4gr4DASQ__egg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "7/25/2015", "So I'm going to put it out there and say this isn't the kind of place I would really take someone for lunch...or, well, readily admit to going to myself. This is Yelp though, so I'll put my thoughts out there. The reality is that it's not the most, uh, appetizing place. It's not especially clean, the pizzas don't always look especially good, and the seating tends to be wobbly or be covered in crumbs. Oh, and the flies...I've seen so, so many flies. That said, I worked a block from the Commons for some time and I could easily wander over here for lunch with coworkers or something when we needed a quick bite. The guys who work in the place have always been super welcoming, but they definitely don't seem to put a lot of effort into keeping the place clean.If you're looking for fresh food, this is not the place for you. This is the place for you if you need something to eat and you're already down on, or near, the Commons. It's a place of convenience that happens to have a tasty thing or two on the menu (though I've tried various things, I usually order the gyro...which is fine, but not anything more than that), or you can get a couple slices of pizza when you're in need of a quick bite.", 2, 4], "CtJVoWZJPsCcFEzlBOECnw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "3/5/2015", "I first came here about two months ago when I moved to Ithaca and after I would probably say I have been here 5 more times and I had take out from here twice. Honestly I'm not sure why so much negative reviews for this place. I actually love eating here. When you first walk in it looks a little run down, the guys working look like they are in the mob. You know things look a little sketchy ... But talking to the guys and owner you would come to find out these are hard working guys. Very nice and great customer service. I have always felt welcome when I come here.. The food is really good ... If you give it a try you would see.. This is actually my TOP FAV pizza place in ithaca ... The pizza is typical pizza you would get if you walk into a pizza shop in the Bronx ... It's rather good .. The calzone is okay I mean the first time and last time I had one was in Italy so you can't really compare lol but it was decent, really big enough for two people unless your really hungry. Over all I wish people would give this place a try it's really not that bad.", 4, 7], "eqC_JDsbg9WgfK1j9cDOFw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/12/2014", "I was in this restaurant waiting for the restroom, someone was in there for a long time and did not wash his hands and then proceeded to walk into the kitchen.", 1, 0], "dflpwYjA4XqpyiZQ9wC9RA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "4/9/2014", "Walked in off the street for a slice. I read the reviews after we started eating. Thankfully, it looks like they made an effort to clean the place up a bit. Looks to be newish paint. I am selective when slices of pizza. I always look for the one that just came out of the oven. I had the cheese pizza. Very good taste, crust, and nice and hot. They should've kept painting when they got to the bathroom. It was really gross and in need of a re do. Not sure if I will be back.....they gotta clean up the act a bit", 3, 2], "-uQMw7Vw_4XAbLswuAOXwA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "11/16/2013", "The only reason I came here is because it's directly across the street from my friend's apartment in the Commons. We were having a group dinner but we were waiting for some other friends to finish cooking, which would take at least another hour or so, and I was starving so I decided to run downstairs and get something quick that wouldn't fill me up.You see the typical pizza options here in their display. Pizza quality here is lower than what you can get in other places around Ithaca. It's marginally cheaper per slice here, but the extra quarters elsewhere are worth it.The place itself is just disgusting. They have so many flies just hanging around inside their pizza display case, and they make no effort to do anything about it. The tables are really dingy, several were left uncleaned, and you'll have flies bothering you while you eat too.", 1, 1], "gMJQkm8Iy-SY5dBU7R-66A": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "8/19/2013", "This place is terrible, everything about it except their pizza, in which case they should just get rid of everything else they make and call it a pizzeria. The presentation from the store to the food, the wobbly tables, swarms of flies, dirty floors, the rude employees, it's just awful. I ordered a tuna melt bogie with fries and I got it late until I had to remind the guy to make it, which I don't understand since I ordered it with a group. I then get it and realize that there is NO cheese on it at all, nor was it warm as you would expect a tuna MELT to be. I then give it back and say there isn't any cheese on it, and then he takes it back and 1 minute later he gives me back some mess covered with half melted american cheese that looked completely unappetizing. Then I realize he threw out my fries which weren't even halfway done. I then told the dude at the front he threw out my fries and he tried to give me some fries and gave me an attitude, but by then I had loong lost my appetite and walked out of this dump disgusted. Never go here unless you want to go on a hunger strike for the next few days.", 1, 1], "qjHjB8mzklysxZor1pE9dw": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/28/2012", "I usually don't review much for the flavor of the food.But I honestly couldn't eat what I bought here. Poorly cooked, horrid flavor. Nothing much to look at, price is high, food tastes bad. Why go?", 1, 3], "Czde2e8kGbNaB2cL1YotIA": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "12/6/2012", "Decent pizza but so, so, so filthy. Inexcusable, since I could see the owner standing around behind counter doing nothing; why not grab a rag and wipe the sauce smeared tables? Or sweep the crust infested floor? And really, how much does it cost to fix wobbly tables, which half of them are!?", 1, 0], "uQWEfbsFeI39CgbdsxS_gg": ["Yelp", "Casablanca Pizzeria", "7/21/2012", "Stopped here for lunch with our son while visiting for the weekend. Warning - pizza is fine, but avoid grilled chicken salad and chef's salad. I threw out my salad after discovering the chicken was undercooked (aka raw) and probably will not eat chicken now for many days. The eggs in my mother-in-law's chef's salad had several shells stuck to them. So many good restaurants in Ithaca - avoid this one like the plague (or risk catching it there).", 1, 8]}
{"8od3tRKnsA_hrsxBMZL8og": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "2/21/2019", "The food was quick and tasty. Some of the people that they work there are cold, but some other though were really friendly and funny. The place is packed all the time so I don't really expect much from a packed restaurant, but they actually did a reallygood job.", 4, 0], "P8HT7CRJ3AugIZjK0jhLNg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "2/17/2019", "I'm not a big fan of Applebee's. The food is usually bland and the drinks are usually watered down. But this location makes it worth it to sit at the bar and have an appetizer and some beer. Their boneless wings are not bad and the bartender is really nice and attentive. Whether you're by yourself or with someone, if you want to or are willing to have a conversation, they will give one to you.", 3, 0], "SakhCCkvfliEGBl_OE8dhw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "11/10/2018", "I'll start by saying I'm not a fan of Applebee's. Was in town for a festival and for some reason staying outside of the downtown area it's pretty slim pickings when it comes to restaurants . Our party of 3 tried to another place first and they had a line out the door waiting. We tried to find another place via yelp but apparently it's closed . The sports bar was now a Chinese restaurant . We just wanted a place to watch the game. We ended up settling for Applebee's . The staff/ bartenders were pleasant and attentive . We each ordered an entree. My friend enjoyed his by saying it was the best meal he's ever had at Applebee's but followed with \"that's not saying much\" my other buddy order just a burger and he's not a picky eater so he was happy. My steak was over cooked and underwhelming. The fries were greasy very very greasy and undercooked . I even asked for well done and that didn't obviously happen. I was not surprised I didn't enjoy my meal as I've had not had a good meal there in probably 10 years.", 2, 0], "VQEZn1pCLsvSyibdZpvfUA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "7/15/2018", "Tried to avoid but nothing else.I'm eating here as a last resort. Either the table is too high or the seat is too low. Regardless the plate is in my face and I'm looking for a booster seat to eat like an adult.Lowest cal thing on menu is a salad and as an after thought I ask for dressing on side. Good idea!Waitress doesn't understand difference between dry white and reisling.Etc.", 1, 0], "xj0Zz_IGL6J55M0txebmsQ": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "4/9/2018", "I went to applebees grill and bar but i met Unfriendly staff and pretty rude. Decided to leave the place before even ordering anything! I suggest do not try this place", 1, 0], "JATpyYTQoLvjXIw62KbR5g": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "10/25/2017", "Very disappointing service. Took more than 10 minutes from being seated to get someone to take our drink order. Our waiter James was very rushed with us as if he did not want to have us seated in his section. It wasn't till we were finished with our meal that he even checked back to see if we wanted a refill on our drinks. At one point he came to the table asking if he should put in our to go order, which we had none, and he wandered away very confused. At the end of the meal he brought the check and said you didn't want dessert right and set the check on the table. The food was good, the hostess was very pleasant, the restaurant was not very busy. Unfortunately, this is not the first time I have had incredibly poor service from James. I have not been to this particular Applebee's in quite a while specifically because of This particular server, and I really can't see myself going back anytime soon. My schedule brings me into this area every Wednesday and I have to cross an otherwise favorite establishment off my list of dining choices.  It's a shame.", 1, 0], "dFofc4HEAHVtY0V617rNSA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "9/18/2017", "Pack a sweatshirt because this place is freezing. My food was great when it came out. I had the honey pepper chicken. Be careful when ordering since the staff is really inept. Go while you can because this Applebee's will be closed within a year if it doesn't get new management.", 1, 0], "gNN0VTguWheANrhKSEqirA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "7/13/2017", "Dear Applebee's... why is everything lukewarm? Honestly your food tastes like you don't own a stove or an oven and you just toss everything in a microwave and bring it out in 30 seconds flat. I ate here out of desperation, and I regret it. I would have been better off eating easy Mac from the hotel convenience store. Never eating at another Applebees again. As I'm writing this, I already feel queasy.", 1, 0], "IhPC2gWzKxxN2sj956JPZQ": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "5/9/2017", "Typical chain type service. Not particularly personable staff, more cold shoulder and bull through tasks type of service. The staff seems to cringe when the general manager walks into the room, I also notice a constant and significant staff turnover here, sad to see.", 3, 0], "_3OOToEfufFh3gML0Gtwdg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "2/24/2017", "A regular Applebee's you'll find anywhere else. I ordered a To-Go order, it came out promptly and tasted great. The bartender took my order and displayed great customer service by asking if I wanted something to drink and updated me with how my order was coming along. I'd come here the next time I visit Ithaca from California. I recommend this place to any Ithaca/Cornell visitors- can't really go wrong with Applebee's.", 5, 0], "vy1HkuJxpZDrknTZWDznxA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "10/2/2016", "The food was terrible but I was also surprised at how bad the service was. The server (a guy) seemed so annoyed and unhappy to be there (i went at 10pm so maybe he was tired) but the service was horrible and the food disappointing. The prices were food but I should've just gotten frozen dinner from tops down the street, it would have been the same and cheaper", 1, 1], "OGIxwJLbQIZpnlqlEUDNMg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "6/11/2016", "Bartender service in the afternoon was well below satisfactory. Brought my drinks promptly but then disappeared for while as I sat waiting to order while waitstaff passed left and right. Maybe they are more concerned about prepping for the dinner crowd that they don't need to worry about the mid-meal customers.", 2, 0], "MUvGK72kUmYx88xu_0tZlQ": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "5/21/2016", "We are from Cali and have become accustomed to a certain level of quality and customer service. This AB is great!! Great food, excellent excellent customer service. The steak just melted in my mouth! Sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked, cheeseburger rolls dangerous! Piece-de-resistance is the APPLE CHIMI-CHEESECAKE (warm cinnamon baked apples, cream cheese filling, rolled in a fluffy pastry shell and served with homemade vanilla ice cream drizzled with Carmel sauce. I have had this dessert more times than I can count and I have NEVER been disappointed. Overall the experience was divine!!", 4, 0], "L9hwEj17RCC_y7_UGhK9Aw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "9/26/2015", "We both had bourbon steak, mashed potatoes and salad. Food was very good and so was the service. Our only complaints were the cups of dressing was two small and we had a VERY difficult time trying to find the restaurant.", 4, 0], "suT-MsmJmI_At8TVzws0sw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "7/5/2015", "A solid part of the Applebees chain.Ordered the two for $20 and had Mozzarella Sticks and the 7 oz. Sirloin with Mashed Potatoes. The meal was made quickly, hot, and tasty. I've had the same meal at other Applebees and this was quite impressive.Same layout and decor as the last few years, but the servers are prompt and friendly. I only get to return to the area a few times a year, and this is a great choice for a quick meal, especially with a group.", 4, 1], "LVZ7h_Obb1isRW_R5OiEuQ": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "4/14/2015", "Just a normal Applebee's .Compare to the normal one, here is quieterYou can see the pictures of Cornell students are everywhere", 4, 0], "HSvtn6qUAWh-PQwOmnhMXw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "9/15/2014", "Very friendly, bubbly staff. Most of the dishes are very tasty with a few exceptions. I've been about 20 times in the last 11 years. Have never had a bad experience. They are always very accommodating. I love that they have Weight Watchers choices. All the WW choices I've had have been very tasty with the exception of the new Chicken Freshcado which was a total miss. There was no flavor or spice and it was lacking acidity and salt. I wish they would bring back WE dessert choices. My beau had the All You Can Eat Ribs Chipotle flavor and was very happy with them and the seasoned fries. The spinach & artichoke dip was also a dud lacking substance and flavor. Boneless wings were good. Our apps came out after 18-22 minutes I'd guess. My BF complained to me but not staff when waiting cause he was hungry. After they came out 2 different managers came out and profusely apologized for the delay. We hadn't and didn't complain to staff at all so were surprised when the first offered \"adjustment to check\". Then the 2nd manager that came over told us he was going to \"take care of the meal\" for us which we didn't really understand exactly what that meant but weren't going to complain. He even threw in extra chips and salsa in our to go bag. At the end we were waiting for our check and waiting again to see what discount would be and the waitress finally explained there was no check as the whole thing had been comped. Apps, beers, milkshake, entrees and all. We were surprised and confused. It seemed overly accommodating like maybe they mistook us for celebrities or mucky-mucks. Ha ha. We still gave the waitress a $10 tip as she has to make a living. We are still perplexed at this ?new customer service initiative but as my friend said \" don't look a gift horse in the mouth\" and since 2 of them items didn't taste good I'm glad I didn't have to pay for them.", 4, 0], "iL25T4R0oGIQbHi94ofnhg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "6/16/2014", "This is the only Applebees I like. I've been to like, 5 others and they all are terrible but this place, they have it nailed when it comes to food and service usually.I usually list details of food but I'll just tell you some of the things that keep me coming back:Chicken Tender Platter (have them toss the tenders in the Honey Pepper sauce, you won't regret it!)Oriental Chicken Salad (so good)Feista Chicken Chop Salad (amazing cilantro lime dressing!)Chicken Wonton Tacos (quite possibly the best app in the history of apps!)I've tried some other stuff that can be hit or miss like the quesadilla burger, the tortilla gets soggy too quickly before you are done eating the burger, the mac and cheese is too cheesy, it can make your mouth feel too caked in cheese. The potato twisters can be too greasy but the queso is amazing!The Spinach Artichoke dip is awesome, the boneless wings are good, but are just boneless wings. The Southwest Eggrolls are awesome!Overall this place is my go to 2 for $20 place and I keep coming back. The service is usually spot on, the prices are good and I actually like the atmosphere.Anyways, this is the only applebees in my opinion, love it here.", 4, 0], "mjGL-_RQ-FL6uE6dXPy_DA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "9/18/2013", "I generally steer clear of Applebee's, just because we have so many better options in Atlanta. The food is usually bland, portions too large, etc. But, we were in Ithaca for a wedding, staying right nearby at the Ramada, and starving/delirious from a 15 hour drive.So, we sucked it up and went to Applebee's. Most of the 3 stars are for the staff. Super friendly, helpful, and our order was correct and fast. I almost always get the Oriental Chicken Salad when I go, and it was just as good here as anywhere. I really like the new grilled chicken option for this salad that comes with an Asian-style sauce, so that you don't end up with just plain old grilled chicken. The regular portion was too large for me to finish in one meal, and I'm a big eater. It also had a LOT of cabbage. My husband had a turkey club and fries - totally edible but not very memorable, as most Applebee's food is.They do serve Pepsi products here, which I really was sad about as I was dying for a Coke Zero. I had to remind myself I was not in Coke Country anymore!", 3, 2], "OltFnWGA47rIgjgNbdSYjw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "4/8/2013", "Try white peach sangria if you like light alcoholic drinks if you're there. Also, the brownie bites are a good deal if you want a bit of desserts (only a dollar).The food is okay. But the staff are friendly and always welcoming, so expect to walk out of the restaurant pretty happy after your meal.", 4, 2], "Iuid4u7HxznUlTQ-6VHwrQ": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "3/24/2013", "i really like this place....and 2 for 20 deals....lol.....excellent services and hot girls there.......", 4, 3], "HUuwver0cJhUsI7Mv98qyg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "12/20/2012", "The whole reason I write reviews is to help other students on tight budgets think up fun date ideas--it's a niche perspective, but an important one given the supposed decline of that particular social phenomenon. Using that lens, Applebee's needs to be revived as a serious contender. It's true the entrees are unholy--packed with sodium and cheese, and spliced together into veritable Frankendishes of American fare in huge proportions, but some of the straightforward items in the 2 for 20$ deal, which also gets you an appetizer, are not bad. Case in point: the sirloin steak. Drinks here are sugar-loaded, and sometimes I wonder if some wonk could compute Applebee's contribution to US diabetes prevalence. The ambiance fits kitch to a tee, but the Ithaca location has some local flair to differentiate it. The service is consistently decent and can sometimes even be good. The real thing to do, as other reviewers have hinted at, is to go see a late-night movie, then head to Applebee's for half-off wings. There's something romantic and reassuring about walking hand-in-hand late at night through a desolate parking lot in a non-descript suburban wasteland to Applebee's after taking in the latest Hollywood soma...I mean film. You realize in those moments that you need someone real, and you appreciate your partner's quirks more than ever. They become even more human and their company is especially comforting against an American cultural landscape that can seem positively soul-crushing at other times. In short, it is completely possible to go to Applebee's, enjoy your time there, and walk out without having turned into a zombie. Your capacity to read and interpret Foucault etc will not be diminished by consuming a Bahama Mama and some Wonton Tacos-- I promise. (Also, Applebee's is actually a great place to watch sports games).", 3, 4], "6o5MV_sRe8snYyqUDTf-2Q": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "6/20/2012", "OK, so I hate to sound so negative right out of the gate, so I'll say it first; This Applebee's is consistent. Unfortunately, it's consistently disappointing. Consistently slow. Consistently making me wish that I ate elsewhere. I had a gift card for Applebee's, so my wife and I went to this location for lunch in early May, 2012, only to discover that they were \"renovating\" for two days, but offered us coupons for free appetizers upon our return. Turns out there's an awful lot of tiny print on those freebies, including an expiration date just a hair over a month from the date they were given to us. Needless to say, we didn't get appetizer's....on the house, or otherwise.We went on to order our lunch, and I ordered a Reuben sandwich with a side of onion rings. The food took a long time to arrive, and I recall that from a previous visit. The food was OK. Not bad, but underwhelming for sure. Not that I expected gourmet dining.....I knew where we were. I just wish it was as good as it could be. And offering customers who are turned away and cheap appetizer that they end up beating you out of anyway just leaves a crappy taste in my mouth. So much so that I will make a point of telling my father to please not buy me any more Applebee's gift cards. They are virtually worthless to me. I'll sell them on line, or re-gift them to someone I don't necessarily care for! Pass on this place......life is too short to eat here, and there are other, better places nearby.", 2, 3], "TS62qyDL8zU7eqSy8MXbsg": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "3/26/2012", "I've only ever used the car-side to-go service, and I've never had to wait. Sometimes the food wasn't that warm, but I'd gladly take cold food over walking into the restaurant and seeing the knickknacks of local high school memorabilia littered on the wall.", 3, 2], "ceKuR3xazzKpYzq7QJ5PJw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "12/25/2011", "Although there's nothing amazing about Applebee's, we all know that Applebee's is always dependable. I usually try to avoid coming here for any form of dinner because I don't think it's worth the price, however the happy hour appetizers from 11am to 7pm and 10pm to until closing (usually midnight) are totally worth it when you're feeling the munchies. At night, those half-off boneless wings and the spinach & artichoke dip totally hit the spot. I do admit though, I'm speaking from the point of view of a starving college kid. Service has never been horrible here, even when i go with big parties. Conclusion: You know what you're getting with Applebee's, but I don't think that's always a bad thing.", 3, 4], "iNqeiwOlgXMYqdmibI0mrA": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "5/26/2011", "And here we are. I was visited for work and thought what the heck, its been years and years since I visited and I'm curious. The menu is still as nuts as ever; layers of stuff on top of each other like Shrimp & Parmesan on top of Steak; why? what good can come of that flavor?B  Mozzarella Sticks - the sauce is very ketchupy. B+  Beef Sandwich - Surprisingly good. I would actually order this again. It's a total safe bet. It's just like a brisket with barbecue sauce and the onion strings on top where great!Something weird about the food in general here was that nothing was completely hot. Some of the mozzarella sticks where half hard and the fries with the sandwich were luke-warm. There weren't that many people in the place... Do they make everything on the menu and just keep it out under heat-lamps?If this was any other restuarant I'd give it a 2... but its Applebee's I knew what I was walking into.", 3, 2], "aK07bZagX-EMe_MfawagYw": ["Yelp", "Applebee\u2019s Grill + Bar", "8/22/2010", "I used to eat here a lot with my friends back in high school.. Last week, my mom and I ate here for dinner, and it was A LOT worse than I ever remembered it. I ordered a salad with pecan crusted chicken, which tasted good, but when I got home about an hour later, I had really bad stomach pains and I was sick.....can anyone say, food poisoning? I think Applebee's is generally overpriced and has only mediocre food. The salads used to be my favorite thing to order, but now that I got sick from one of them, I won't be going back!! Yuck.", 1, 4]}
{"p0sdLVI_DEk4hvcy6WBxiQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "12/21/2018", "Hands down, favorite spot in Ithaca. Ask for a \"special\" sandwich, I've never once been disappointed", 5, 0], "mO3q9NH7kKnVV1THpaIhPw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "11/12/2018", "Stopped at the circus truck on my way through Ithaca this summer. Went for the daily special sandwich and the daily special pasta. Both were absolutely amazing. The portion size is huge, but the quality of food is excellent.Buy your food and then head to one of the state parks in the area and enjoy.", 4, 0], "9GU0FLPaRuO6SQt9uIvj2A": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "10/20/2018", "This may be my favorite place to get food in Ithaca, point blank. I go here once or twice a week, every week, without fail. This is the kind of place where no matter what you order, you simply cannot go wrong. Every single thing is fresh, delicious, and cooked with heart. Although his menu is littered with many options of burgers, sandwiches, breakfast, hot dogs, and most importantly PASTA, I would highly encourage you to order either the pasta or sandwich special, which changes daily. The specials are often unique, delicious combinations that I have never tried before, and that's why I would recommend this place over anywhere else in Ithaca. I would highly recommend checking the Circus Truck out on facebook, pictures of the specials and/or what the menu looks like that day is often posted (I have posting notifications on so I don't miss an update). Remember, the hours are only 11-2 M-F but for that much pasta (or whatever you may be ordering) of that quality for that price, you won't want to miss it.", 5, 0], "uM9sof9fMfS_5r9Wk5LEag": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "9/21/2018", "They run out of pasta because it's so popular. Dw tho. Got a burger. Highly recommend getting their daily special pasta because it's always good and the guy is so awesome. Would come here everyday if I could!!!", 5, 0], "anmP7aUjBPB5ShY1NcePNw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/16/2018", "After a lot of research for our short visit to Ithaca, Circus Truck won one of our meal times because of their vegan/vegetarian options. Both lunches we got (BBQ Seitan Sandwich and Spicy Pasta) were incredible. In fact, my daughter said she has rarely seen me so happy as when I ate that BBQ sandwich. If you are game for an adventure and want to be rewarded with excellent food, find this truck (he does not move) and settle in for a great meal. Will definitely be going back to try the Seitan Reuben.", 4, 0], "4EUDKx_dJtw_NwknZFwgig": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "6/30/2018", "Best burger in town. The food is exceptionally good and cheaper than most places in Ithaca. All ingredients are fresh and local. Service is top notch. I try to go back as much as I can", 5, 0], "ioePKo1KvRmGr31fJiF22Q": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "5/23/2018", "I love places that are cheap, delicious, and have character, so now I love Circus Truck. While awaiting my good breakfast burrito, I was treated to an 80s ski video on an old black and white RCA tv set. Having grown up in the sacred pueblo of Santa Fe, New Mexico, for a burrito in New York to qualify as 'good' is a significant achievement. Most of this state's Mexican food makes me want to take a shower after eating it.", 5, 0], "nmFgolH5f_KsSfMEPat1ag": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "5/17/2018", "One of the most unique food truck experiences I've had for sure. Me and my boyfriend were walking by looking for something to eat and encountered this truck. With a long line of people waiting to get food, it immediately caught our eye. We had to wait a good while for our food but it was worth it. The owner of the truck makes his sauces from scratch and prepares everything right then and there. The portions are big (I didn't expect them to be that big coming from a food truck) and the prices are good. I had a Bolognese pasta which was delish! Would def go again next time I'm in Ithaca", 4, 1], "87-aBfR-51BRMk7SC58_qA": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/28/2017", "Awesome food truck. Delicious food and very well priced. My news favourite breakfast stop in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "IO4tBqtpLq06Fb83KJ5ADQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/24/2017", "We discovered the Circus Truck a few months ago and love it!  He makes the best homemade pasta I've ever had, and his breakfast sandwiches are excellent, too. Everything is made to order, so, for example, if you don't want garlic in your pasta sauce, he simply leaves it out.My husband thinks his hamburgers and french fries are among the best!And finally, JP, the owner and chef is such an interesting character. This place is not to be missed.", 5, 0], "A51HKkNQRvkk8YSRlvo0vA": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "6/26/2017", "Amazing food at a great price. The daily specials are always great. I would eat there everyday if it we're closer.", 5, 0], "R78Y1ZCWgA2LgmfqC5ECSg": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "4/26/2017", "Really good burger and fries. Hand made burger, juicy and cooked perfectly. Crisp tasty fries. HUGE portionsBest burger I have ever had in Ithaca by a long shot", 5, 0], "uVaVuYzVogm9tPmiZYWxWg": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "4/18/2017", "Great food! Good find! Local and friendly! When in Ithaca good spot- fairly cheap- very reasonably priced. Different menu.", 5, 0], "mnLiGAqDlGm97p4V0uL8VQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "10/11/2016", "Best food truck in Ithaca. I love the seitan reuben and the breakfast burrito: both are great veggie options. Prices are extremely reasonable. Only downsides are 1) only one guy works there, so if there is a huge rush you might have to wait 10 minutes for your food, and 2) I wish it were open a longer range of hours. LOOOVE the Circus Truck!", 5, 0], "IoOu8I1KLK0woq1oIRvioQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "8/10/2016", "nice i can customize a high cal meal and substitute for lo cal stuff! JP is super nice and CT can accomodate for many dietary needs!! very clean and professional. awesome foodtruck! great fresh , like picked off tree fruit salad!!! best for breakfasts!!!", 5, 0], "h5f4cdF5ZkvzveDvcnAUoQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "12/21/2015", "Came here while on a school visit to Ithaca. I'm a vegetarian, and at the time that I came the owner was just about to go out of town and was out of a lot of menu items, including Seitan. Have no fear though, he offered to create for me an off the menu zucchini and spinach panini with pesto, SO good, and really well priced for the caliber of sandwich I received. This truck aims to please, and definitely did so for me.", 5, 0], "f4UudwDUyDXISoVo95vPoQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "9/3/2015", "Drove to Ithaca just for circus truck on Tuesday after taughannock falls. We got there 2:40pm and the truck closed at 2... The owner was nice enough to make us super delicious sandwich for 5bucks using eggplant, fried onion rings, super thick bacon, and many other more on super crusty but soft buns. It was really yummy. Wish I could have tried others too.", 5, 1], "USFU5Tsu6Or6t0Ez2K_Bfw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/9/2015", "Was fantastic! Everything tasted so good, it was so reasonable. I almost felt bad it was so cheap based on the quality of food. Loved it and will be going back!", 5, 0], "xkB3QetUf9y_YGbcVYPtcQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "6/29/2015", "I don't know why I waited so long to try the Circus Truck. The food here is amazing. It definitely lives up to the hype. Surprisingly they have a ton of vegetarian and vegan options. The owner/cook/guy also seems like he'd gladly make you anything custom you could think of. I had french toast and loaded vegan fries. The french toast was great, but the loaded vegan fries were totally genius.", 5, 2], "Qt-K73nvw93sRrdU354h1Q": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "6/16/2015", "Awesome food truck. We had pasta with creamy pesto, a giant breakfast burrito, a kids pasta and cheese, and three drinks all for $19. Super nice. Everything was fresh and tasty. We're definitely coming back.", 4, 0], "U_gLd7X4R1fW582BOVQKiw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "4/30/2015", "I used to spend a lot more for food I didn't like as well before somebody clued me in about the circus truck. I rotate between the daily specials which are different all the time.  The pasta Alfredo is great. The burgers are great. I'm not much of a hot dog guy but he made a coney hot special that was one of the best tasting things I've ever put in my mouth.", 5, 1], "d-FIHxFV3TLCd_35zFffVw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "11/21/2013", "I am one of the pickiest eaters alive and JP always always always accommodated me. My favorite thing to order was the pasta bolognese, and the best thing about it is he makes everything from scratch in the spot, so he would use only beef (no pork) and add no cheese. Also, if you go closer to his closing time, he always surprises you with whatever leftovers he has from the day (if any). He makes the best whipped cream I've ever had. This is one of the top things I miss about Ithaca!", 5, 1], "lTCAV9yCOsCsyJ2KyW9h-A": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "9/19/2013", "Always delicious. JP has a great standard menu and makes up amazing specials everyday. If you tell him what you like he can make you something special right on the spot. His prices are reasonable, his ingredients are fresh, and he's a nice guy to chat with.", 5, 2], "RgCoe5CEVt5Tg5N3-6uX8w": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/7/2013", "This is a great food truck that serves pasta ($8-$9), sandwiches ($8-9), hot dogs, pancakes ($5-$7), breakfast burritos ($5), breakfast sandwiches ($3 - $4) and much more. Now I object to the reviewer that said \"fresh homemade pasta\". The pasta I was served was definitely dried and from a box, but the sauce is fresh and homemade, so perhaps what the reviewer meant, or perhaps only sometimes the circus truck makes their own pasta.I had the eggplant pasta with tomato sauce, olive oil garlic, shaved parmesan and fresh basil for $8 and it was very tasty. He uses a lot of extra virgin olive oil and while perhaps its a bit greasy, it really hits the spot after a few cocktails, glasses of wine, pints of beer (and?)/or shots at any of the nearby bars. The pasta is far better than many of the sit down Italian restaurants in the Ithaca area, and an unusual dish for a food truck to have. I love it. When I'm too lazy to make my own pasta sauce from scratch, I now have a place to go. After eating at places like this (and making my own pasta sauce) I can never go back to the jared stuff again.", 4, 8], "wibp2lKFDilyYjlo5PsqKA": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "3/19/2013", "Breakfast all day long? Homemade pasta? Smorgasbords of loaded fries? Burgers, sandwiches, and dogs? Done, done, done, and done! Man do I miss this place!Circus Truck hangs out on the corner of Rt 13/N. Meadow and Seneca in a lot with some picnic tables and some dirt. You might see a sign that says \"Eat here\" and it might have some hours on it. You can usually get noms before 2 or 3pm and for Friday and Saturday late night. I mean, who doesn't want an awesome sandwich after getting boozy at Felicia's?Follow them on Facebook, and you're bound to get a bombardment of delicious sounding daily specials, and pictures of aforementioned items to boot. They'll make you drool. I promise. For example, today's special is the Manslaughter Fries: sausage, onion, spinach, cheese covered w/ homemade portabella mushroom cream sauce & fresh parsley. If you ask nicely, he'll make them for you tomorrow. I ask. It's great.Food truckery at it's finest. Can't wait to go back and get something delicious!", 5, 8], "0v7MQHLsQ0x7lOXIPI5HJw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "10/20/2012", "It's 1:30AM and you are in downtown Ithaca with a craving for an amazing breakfast burrito - what do you do?Well if you're smart, you head to the Circus Truck! This guy is turning out some serious gourmet food from his mobile kitchen, with micro-batch pasta sauces made from scratch to satisfy every order, and daily specials to blow your mind. Food this good cannot be rushed, so be patient and enjoy your reward. If you are anywhere near downtown during the week for lunch, or the evening for dinner on the weekends, consider supporting this new local gem.", 5, 7], "NiSVJIk0Ponwh8qyLJgPjQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "10/7/2012", "Its odd to get fresh homemade pasta from a truck (usually I'd expect greasy food), but this truck definitely delivers great food. The alfredo sauce tasted great and was made right in front of me. Burgers and fries (which are good) and some other items are on the menu, but pasta is definitely the highlight.  The only drawbacks are the lack of seating and the somewhat out-of-the-way location.", 4, 2], "zccm3_EwSMIM6EaDy1eozw": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "9/22/2012", "This food truck delivers in ways I did not expect a food truck to. You can taste the freshness of the vegetables, and the daily specials make this establishment a place you'll want to visit every day. One of my favorite things I've ever seen was a sign outside the Circus Truck once or twice: \"Homeless eat free today.\" Not only a place with delicious, fresh food, but a place with a whole lot of heart, especially where it counts.", 4, 5], "ODZH_GY9GeisqSACj24nMQ": ["Yelp", "Circus Truck", "7/14/2012", "Very tasty food, freshly prepared -- plus very creative specials each day. Really a great addition to the Ithaca food scene!", 5, 0]}
{"H8pAScHlndajeVsVinrzQw": ["Yelp", " Subway", "12/6/2015", "The woman was rude. She yelled at me while I was ordering and messed up my order. Told me there was no tomatoes even though there were some in plain site. Gave me the wrong dressing. The lettuce seemed to be old. Think I got cucumbers instead of pickles", 1, 1]}
{"l6exyZoWZ1mtkUSfGKN-bA": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "9/3/2018", "Love the food, love it so much we paid a ton of money for them to cater my family member's wedding. They forgot the ice, and didn't bring enough plates! I called to try to get them to bring some, but they didn't answer and we had to leave a message. Thank goodness we had hired help & they were able to go to the store and pick up the missing items. I never got a return phone call. How disappointing. Also ran out of some of the condiments. Luckily the food still tasted delicious", 2, 1], "lZ8DyNPp8i1HPIeZYgZVxA": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "7/29/2018", "I love Moe's but I can definitely say I don't love this location. Staff was overwhelmed by the number of customers. They only had two people behind the counter...one doing all the food prep and the other trying to figure out the cash register. I will say the food was great. The guy preparing everything did a great job by himself. The guy at the register is another story. He was terribly slow and could not figure out how to redeem my $10 reward. As our food was sitting on the counter getting cold a third person came out of the back and finally rang up our order correctly. Again...food was good but the service at the register was terrible. I should also mention the floors were filthy, the salsa bar was pretty much empty and the soda machine was pretty much worthless as most of the drinks weren't available.", 1, 0], "zqTl6Xhg8qAUuVf6-xVY6Q": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "6/11/2018", "I am a huge fan of moe's. What im not a fan of is the crummy attitude from a couple of the associates. No complaints on my meal but what is a great meal without customer service/proper manners?", 3, 0], "b89F9v_EC6JYZH-9-_FrbQ": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "11/12/2017", "The food here is amazing! My son and I went here before leaving to go on a 4 hour trip back to our house and stoped bye here. My son got 2 burritos and I got 1. We sat down and I took a bite, and I was in heaven! Me son loved it and we really suggest this restaurant!", 5, 0], "XkgLqVCgWTMmANWPd93Qlw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "7/29/2017", "Maria set me up with an awesome stack burrito that was more than enough for a second \"midnight meal\" for me to bring home. Great guacamole here- I like Moes' better than Chipotle on the Ithaca strip. Service was friendly and welcoming, and coupled with their outstanding burrito, they left me feeling like I'd had the full Moes experience, which I don't always receive at other locations.Didn't care for the salsas they had available. Will be going back soon!", 4, 0], "mntgp_FROgRccooFcCygzA": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "10/1/2016", "Very tasty food but very expensive. When my 12 year old and I stop in for a quick lunch and it costs $25, somethings wrong.I got the Earmuffs, which is basically a salad, and he got the Joey Jr, which is a small burrito. Of course, the soft drinks are extra, but when they charge extra for queso, guacamole and even bacon bits, that's ridiculous. The cashier said it was cheaper if she gave us the \"meal deal\", but still was costly.", 3, 0], "SWDJ-lIm7XRM3CqetLq_Bw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "6/30/2016", "Went to Moe's Monday. And ordered the burrito. All portions were small and the servers were not friendly. I had 2 slices of peppers and 3 onions. The rice was a plastic teaspoonful and the meat the same. I have tried several other Moe's and this one be far is subpar. Alos their prices were like a large city. Will not waste money there again", 1, 1], "IYaPIYhTm5Ipzzobmt7A0A": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "6/15/2016", "Quick and friendly service, but the food is below par. The tortilla chips were greasy and salty. The burrito I ordered was alright, but lacking flavor. The tables were full of crumbs and oil stains. Absolutely disgusting. I'd rather head over to the nearby Chipotle for \"Mexican\" food.", 1, 1], "tRCvNaGlHMEVL7Q7h2Slxg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "2/11/2016", "Food was pedestrian: guacamole was plain, queso was fair at best. They do give you a nice big basket of tortilla chips which is nice.Other than that this place obviously has problems starting on the top: store was pretty messy, they were out of tops for their burrito bowls, and the person in charge in the store, in addition to being much more reactive in letting ingredients run out than proactive, was also threatening his employees with physical violence. Openly. In front of everyone. Even if you are joking: not cool bro. You are not an effective leader at this point and I hope to God you don't have any children yet. Just FYI: Hate and fear are not positive motivating factors in the workplace.And they are just burritos. Chill the hell out.", 2, 2], "pbASfgb7LDg_pz1R6H2lJw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "10/18/2015", "Perfect, every time! When we come out to Ithaca, we come to Moes and Viva. I've seen people go on and on about chipotle on Facebook sometimes and I can't fit it in my head why. Every time we have gone there, the meat is overcooked, atmosphere is beat, the service is blah and the food is weak at best. I mean really, chipotle doesn't hold a candle to Moes, at all. Worst of all, the meat is not only always overcooked, it's also spicy. What is that? I like spicy stuff but I have kids and newsflash, my toddlers don't. It's pretty screwed up that they just presume everyone and their whole family want meat that's spicy...one would think they'd give you an option...a pretty odd and narcisstic business model for sure.", 5, 2], "ySKMn_ki86dOGzDRZ3onMw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "10/2/2015", "I've been a huge Moe's fan all growing up but recently my stomach is in shambles the second I leave. I went here 2 days ago and I still am not feeling great. Steer clear of the ground beef! If you do go here definitely get another meat. The two stars are for the AMAZING queso, free chips, and awesome drink machine.", 2, 4], "etvEnTPaSwIYcZ1__CpOsw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "7/14/2015", "This is one of the only places that I immediately regret eating at- the Moe's in Ithaca being a prime example. Kel's review below is spot on. They're understaffed and under managed as evidenced by; The lack of key ingredients/lack of general freshness of food. Surly, brash and unhelpful staff. It was very clear that the employees gave \"Zero F's\" in making my food correctly, quickly or at all. Most encounters there leave me with the feeling that I am inconveniencing THEM. Their free time is certainly not spent prettying up the restaurant - I've seen elementary school cafeterias that are cleaner than this place. The chronically dirty eating area, messy and wet floors, empty condiment area, and overflowing garbages are unacceptable, I hope that the management of this place steps in soon before this place goes any further down the tubes.", 1, 7], "G7zgCDb60bUYEpqf6Wu6Fg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "7/2/2015", "We are regulars at Moe's. Each time we try to ignore the nearly consistent issues: slow service, overflowing trashcans, dirty tables, empty and/or messy condiments area, lack of manager presence, frequent lack of key ingredients (like tofu or onions/peppers or mushrooms which results in holding up the line while you wait for a fresh batch to be made). We ignore these issues because the food is tasty, less salty than Chipotle, and far fresher than Taco Bell. Also, there are several vegetarian options, and many of the staff members are usually friendly and helpful! Today however, we couldn't ignore the problems. Our server was disgruntled, rude, unhelpful, and radiated irritation and contempt for everyone. We were made so uncomfortable by their attitude (which the other customers in line recognized with surprise and discomfort as well) that we left. We couldn't stand to eat anything in that atmosphere. Unfortunately, there was no manager on duty at the time to speak to. Moe's: It is far better to have slow yet pleasant service than have your employees take out their work-related frustrations on your customers. Your staff often appears overworked, under-trained, and mismanaged.Unless drastic changes are made, we will not be back.", 1, 2], "yZimOvi5IG5LPGldgJ4spQ": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "6/28/2015", "The foodbis good and you can add to the bade what ever you like.Service is very good and understanding.", 4, 0], "PpeNKcDiLjnHjUcw-7A26w": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "4/11/2015", "I wanted to try Moes out because I normally have Chipotle as a go to. I will say that the workers were awesome but the food looked a bit old. You know that look of food that's in those serving trays that has been sitting out for a while... It was that type of appearance.It wasn't my favorite, some others swear by it.", 3, 0], "cfqm1FDUIuwlCk-DEGQE2A": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "12/18/2014", "Okay, Moe's in general is pretty sucktastic because no one wants to walk into a restaurant and be shouted at 2 seconds after entry by every employee. It's not their fault because I know they HAVE to but it's extremely annoying for everyone involved because they obviously don't want to shout WELCOME TO MOE'S at every customer that walks in, because it's not genuine. I'm completely satisfied with a \"hello\" by the person making my burrito.Secondly, the names of the items are cringeworthy and I will never call a burrito a Joey Bag of Donuts. EVER. I could have a knife held to my balls and I'd still call it a friggin' chicken burrito. But that's just my personal opinion.Otherwise, the employees are generally good at what they do. One gentleman with a ponytail and glasses (I think?) is always particularly friendly and always smiling. There was one thing that used to work there who was the human equivalent of expired egg nog that had no idea how to treat human beings like human beings (which is funny because usually customers have no regard for fast food employees) but I'm pretty sure she's gone. I'm giving five stars because when it comes down to it, I always get a product that tastes good and is well-put together. Most of my grievances are with Moe's as a corporation and not this specific location. WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S WELCOME TO MOE'S STOP IT", 5, 3], "WRKrzvO8j6yT2JUp2LM16A": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "8/24/2014", "I would come back to this place again.It's like a chipotle but there's more to it. They have spicy guacamole and you can order side of queso too. Plus they have a subway mixed in toppings you can choose from as well. Basically it's a chipotle+pollo loco+subway!!!! So here you have it Moe's my bro now! I ordered a quesadilla \"John Coctastan\", if anything I think their weird names doesn't help my confusion with the menu at first, but it got me any type of topping to pick for my quesadilla. Order was quick just like chipotle assembly line, my quesadilla was huge! I ordered extra cheese with spicy guacamole, pico de gallo, bell peppers, onions, fresh jalepenos, steak and chipotle ranch. By the time I got it at the cashier it melted in my mouth. It was super good or maybe I was just a pig because I finished it! By the way you get a side of chips. They also have five different salsas ranging in flavor and spice on the side bar. They also added those five guy soda machines. So I guess +Five Guys+Rubios bro! Basically all the southwestern / All American places mixed into one! Hailing from Southern California, this place is the bomb for quesadillas!", 4, 2], "lNI9qMc55GHiiYV0wTulSg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "1/28/2014", "We got burritos from here last night because there was a deal on Mondays. Next time, ill just pay more and go to Chipotle. We ordered online for pickup, we got there 15 minutes later because thats when it said it'd be ready. Well, apparently fifteen minutes means ypur food will be COLD in 15 minutes. My burrito was lukewarm at best when I got it.Also? I really, really hate olives are therefore would never order them on my burrito. But lo and behold, mine had olives on it. And I asked for the Chipotle ranch to be on the side because im not a huge fan of spicy flavor but I like a little bit...so I specifically asked in the notes section (which printed on the receipt so theres no excuses that they didnt see it) for it to be on the side. It was not. My burrito was spicy, had olives, and was cold. I ended up throwing most of it away. Blech. Also the place was pretty gross when I went in. People were touching food with their bare hands, there were scoops being used in multiple meats, and just was generally unorganized and dirty. I wouldn't have eaten there anyway. And the chips were chewy and stale. Not what you want from a tortilla chip.I wll not be returning. I wish I could have just spared myself the five bucks the gross burrito cost me and get something better down the street.", 1, 1], "Z-94uWhmE53yqXXgCiTUJg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "9/26/2013", "First off is Moe's Mexican? No, Moe's is American Southwest.Where to start.The menu. Moe's menu is pretty funny, or at least it tries to be. In all reality it tries to set the tone for the rest of the experience, which is something many restaurants lack these days.Food, there are a ton of options and I have gone enough that I have tried most of them.The Tofu is awesome, the pork is okay, the steak is okay, the chicken and \"taco beef\" are worth passing on.The options are greater than many similar food restaurants. I have been to this location 20 times easy (my friend at work loves the place so whenever we go out for lunch it is always his go to. I don't love it that much but it has never made me balk at going to lunch with him). In those 20 times the food has always been consistent and the service has always been good. The restaurant is always clean and the salsa bar is always well stocked.The salsa choices seem to rotate every six weeks (new flavors).To sum it up, Moes is a decent value with decent Southwest American food.If you expect Mexican ... there are other options out there.", 4, 0], "DKYQ3U1ZeN1Log6QhkFE1g": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "5/10/2013", "I'll go back. The food was good and the portions were big enough to easily split, at least with the burrito. I don't know why in the world everyone is exalting Chipotle as fine cuisine. In my experience Moe's was like a better Chipotle. I was really impressed with the free-range / grass-fed aspects meat wise. My chicken was good. Nice flavor and good amount of food.That being said, I need to add here that I am Texan born and raised and new to Ithaca. If you want a KILLER burrito skip Moe's and Chipotle and go to Mexeo in C-town. That place is in another league.", 4, 0], "eOf9Mv_Y-JuqPoSucyyCrg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "4/19/2011", "Burritos are cheap but not that good. The chicken and pork were dry. Good to fill the belly...not so good to taste. Chips and salsa are good though. Wegmans burritos still win.", 2, 0], "5uU5eFaouESvAugn-yRxnw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "1/7/2011", "It's mostly take-out Mexican (though they do have ample seating), so know what to expect. I think better than Chipotle (a similar chain), and in my opinion the best Mexican in Ithaca. Also, their chips are like CRACK (it's a good thing).", 4, 0], "Qs0aPQq-wQ9hTQBqaTcf6A": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "8/18/2010", "Fast food mexican style. Pretty good", 4, 0], "HtQ17OT9jrTgRdIY_Z3nEQ": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "5/5/2010", "I really like Moe's for what it is -- a fast food burrito joint. It's a step up from Taco Bell but certainly not fine dining. There are lots of options as far as what to order and what to put in/on your order, and the salsa bar is great! I give this place a huge thumbs up.", 4, 0], "l7KGOBiujFl_w8Pvk7mKcg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "4/21/2010", "I love moes and I can't complain about a place that has tofu as an option! Plus....who can complain about kids eating free tuesday nights plus free face painting?", 4, 1], "BdqYia1Z8kHrO3pLfTqeXg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "10/15/2009", "I've always had a good experience at Moe's. At first I avoided all Mexican food in Ithaca because I lived in California for 3 years, but I broke down in a burrito craving and tried Moe's. The burritos are not bad, but the chips are excellent! Their salsa bar has a lot of options, and I really enjoyed the salsa verde. Any place that will give you extra cilantro has my vote!", 4, 1], "NFPoSaYDrc98r5sW7104XQ": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "8/13/2009", "I usually go here if i get a coupon of some sorts so it isn't a culinary tour de force at all. But I do enjoy free refills and all that salsa. But the last time we went, my boyfriend got a burrito where the rice was very undercooked. Nothing is worse than uncooked rice. I like to get the burrito with the tortilla and the flexibility you get here is nice.", 2, 1], "RPn1rsCPnwtM2mqF4Pp9WA": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "5/3/2009", "Not bad, but I think the Tacqueria is better, and you're supporting a local business, getting a little better food, and providing employment for the local counterculture.", 2, 0], "7aHKDkeS5L_BZGV6Y_vKvQ": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "11/11/2008", "Our family (including middle school kids) really enjoys Moe's. Considering how far we are from ANY authentic Mexican food, I feel this is passable. Much preferred to the Mexithacan food at Viva Taqueria. Relaxed atmosphere - perfect for kids.", 3, 2], "UcdH3DQsZp8A6MGsvapuDw": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "11/6/2008", "As if the food isn't bad enough, my children beg to come here ALL THE TIME. Someone please open up a Chipotle so that we can at least have decent fast food Mexican food!", 1, 1], "oIe0TqkdDfVqDk6tpvhWrg": ["Yelp", "Moe\u2019s Southwest Grill", "4/10/2008", "eww.Moe's makes Chipotle look like gourmet Mexican food. How can a chain so bad continue expanding?Their \"hot salsa\" tasted like vinegar. The rice and beans were dry. They have stupid names for the burritos so that when you order you sound like an idiot.Surprisingly the quesadilla was not horrible.", 1, 5]}
{"fk_kSqY7qoL1iJRmHorC_w": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "12/30/2018", "The corporation Dandy Mini Mart had taken over Rogans Corner. Worst thing that could of happened to the Southhill Community. They have literally down graded all of the food, service and home town community environment. Serving pure Garbage and sugar drinks. Very noticeable difference in deli meat, PIZZA, meatball, bread.OMG we use to love this place. SMH never again.", 1, 0], "S7K9IBvxTkPZkLsyLrdsWQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "11/25/2018", "Used to be a go to place for pizza, wings, breakfast sandwiches and other treats. Since the new owners have taken over things have changed and not for the good. Menu and food has changed unfortunately. Won't be back.", 1, 1], "rvPZt2TlKsrxAflBL70QWA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "3/26/2018", "03/26/2018 - Figured I'd try again since it's been months. Same 'ol song-n-dance! I ordered at 1:25 and just received the order at 2:55. I called the restaurant and received the same excuse as last time, \"we only have the one driver.\" Some things never change!", 1, 0], "fwKfIoXPRXEl2wv9wyls0A": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "9/25/2017", "Well priced and good service. We did online ordering and delivered to our hotel in a timely manner. Would order again from them when back in town.", 4, 0], "_N_ktrRrIqN1rOKcp7Ifzg": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "8/19/2017", "Can't believe this is one of the top rated delivery places in the area.I'll start with the positives. The calzones and pizza were okay. Not great but okay.Okay, now the rest. Delivery was almost a half hour later than the predicted hour time frame. The fries were the worst I have ever tasted, soggy and somehow bitter. The wings were soggy and did not have good flavor.I feel bad for the area if this is what passes as good.", 1, 0], "N-oIPET_CBudtjfMI_ilFA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "7/20/2017", "Gas station / Bodega from the outside but don't be put off. Really go here for the subs, esp the hot ones. The Bomber Sub (Grilled steak, breaded chicken, cheese, wing sauce and ranch or blue dressing) is amazing. Like a Philly and Buffalo sub combined. Toasted fantastic rolls that really finish them off and make them extra great. They also do great breakfast sandwiches and breakfast pizza (reg pizza's too). Also delivers to most of Ithaca. There are even a couple of beers on tap while you wait if you need one.", 5, 0], "1mqiS3B_BOpPchGaoJ7OEQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "6/7/2017", "$.99 Monday's are the best!! We got cheese pizza slices and refills for under $10 for a family of 5. It's been a great place to hit while staying at Ithaca College for a week!", 4, 0], "IqgbxABPZ1aNtzIg5aIn9w": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "4/6/2017", "I am so disappointed. Rogans delivery time is generally slow. Today was the worse. I was told it would take 45 minutes to an hour. An hour and a half later I called. We were told we were the next order out the door. After two and a half hours I called to cancel and received no explanation for the hold up. I am not planning on ordering from here again.", 1, 0], "sA27pRSrav70KiPX_owL2g": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "4/2/2016", "Every time I find myself needing to be on South Hill, I always tryto plan it around lunchtime so I have an excuse to have lunch at Rogans. Their sandwiches/subs are great. For those of you who are longtime Ithaca residents the sandwiches/subs are the menu from the old King Sub in the west end. Big fan of the Eskimo and the King Midas. I think Rogans also has decent pizza, not great bit good. Very reasonably priced, especially for lunch.", 4, 0], "UAk4NpZtTKSmrAnqwWYhVQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "1/20/2016", "I had this thing called a slobberknocker there, it was amazing. I need someone to post a picture of one.", 5, 0], "EJr0OOUvQJmayHeq2dBllQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "6/16/2015", "Good food good beer good service Tully burger needs to be changed back to the original", 5, 2], "EYyfEGlYp1sP0btLVHmk6A": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "1/28/2015", "best sandwich spot in ithaca. i go at least 2x per week. would highly recommend. and they have $1 drafts all day long", 5, 5], "yGigIbeOL0meBN3DM-JdLA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "11/1/2014", "I ordered food here today. This will be the last time. It took over an hour and a half for my subpar food to arrive, and when it did finally get here it was cold. When I called the Restaurant I was placed on hold for over four minutes and still did not receive a satisfying reply to my concern that my food had not arrived yet in an hour and a half. I would not recommend this place and I will never be ordering again.", 1, 3], "flehFiCP1nj87z9NAjPDqA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "9/15/2014", "I'm pretty happy to have Rogan's in my neighborhood. I just moved to this city and somehow having its doors open has made me feel more welcome. It's a pretty lively place with quite a few regulars that hang out at the dining area to chat with coffee or beer. They have a surprisingly extensive menu and serve generous portions. you should try one of Rogan's Heroes. I found their online ordering system to work great and their staff to be friendly. Overall I love this joint and I'm enjoying picking off their menu one item at a time.", 5, 2], "itU9eNi_iNF5Hg6imPbU_A": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "12/11/2013", "THE WORST SANDWICH IVE EVER HAD! long time yelp reader and this place was so bad that i feel i have to make my first review. Literally DISGUSTING! i ordered the sandwich the far far away and it was inedible. Cold chicken cutlet that tasted like it was 3 days old, with some of the lowest quality toppings ive ever seen. i took one bite, spit it out, and threw out the sandwich. as a senior at cornell i was hoping to find another good sandwich place in the area apart from the regular spots. from now on il stick to whats dependable and be sure to speak negatively of rogans corner to anyone who mentions it. GROSS - if i could give less than one star i would", 1, 6], "HOC9Gb7n5zQifI0yu0-mjQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "7/31/2013", "It took them 2 hours to deliver a cold sub and a salad. the sub was small and thrown together, the bread was the generic kind you buy at the store.", 1, 3], "2HgXgtXTmtogfVc_dVi3FQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "7/15/2013", "Crappy service, can't comment on the food. We were staying at the Hampton Inn and saw the tempting menu, the family was starving and all psyched for the subs. Called to place the order and was put on hold for 10 minutes. Called back, \"Rogan's Corner please hold\" (said as if that was one word) *click* Hold for another 5 minutes. This happened a few more times. Finally called again and this time I talked very quickly over the \"Rogan'scornerpleasehold\"....and asked her to please take a sandwich order for 4 standard subs and we would come to pick them up....*click*. Ok, Panera it is...", 1, 3], "GVrylvTc7oZtMEXoBMstRw": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "6/30/2013", "I really wanted to like this place. It has a nice location up on south hill and if you eat outside, the parking lot overlooks both Cayuga lake and Cornell, a truly stunning view. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich \"to go\", so I could eat outside and replenish all that vitamin D I lost during Ithaca's winter months. For $8 the sandwich was quite large, a reasonable price point. The bread tasted fresh and the chicken was cooked very well. However, when I opened the tinfoil wrapper I noticed that the sub was a hot soggy mess. This was especially strange because there was absolutely no sauce on the sub at all, not even mayo or mustard. The warm sub must have sweated all over itself and the excess moisture smothered my sandwich. It was kind of gross. Its too bad because the chicken tasted fresh and the parts of the bread that I could salvage were equally good. The toppings were just OK: while the lettuce was crisp, the tomatoes were kind of mushy, and the sweet peppers were more bitter than sweet.Maybe next time I'll try their pizza.", 2, 2], "zg5K8UpJbeGHNJ52QsDaiQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "5/5/2013", "Given that this is actually a gas station, I know I should not have expected much, but sometimes hole-in-the-wall places turn out to be the best. This is not one of those places. The food is edible, but it is dirty and the people who work there are incredibly, incredibly rude (The worst I've ever seen). I would not recommend this place to anyone.", 1, 1], "ejeyGzdYKiQ0QRHT1w-OVA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "5/30/2012", "The food is always great from Rogans. I love their Philly's.", 4, 3], "SYPEtjLEXjGaU-NiwDK5Jw": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "12/1/2011", "Go to restaurant.com to save on future orders ... Awesome takeout food here ... Ask for the Mike Brained sub too !!!", 5, 2], "86MyGSlNmgW15IzHaCmLPg": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "5/31/2011", "There is not much to dislike about Rogans. This place is awesome. Dollar drafts for most of the day, dollar slices on Mondays, and awesome sandwiches. I recommend the Bomber. Food is great and they deliver (including beer). Easy 5 star rating.", 5, 1], "n_oPXOpl1pciSw_4Pq-lVg": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "5/21/2010", "The food here is great, but delivery takes a little longer than desirable. The pizza is one of the better choices in Ithaca. Some of the items are overpriced, like the fries and the basic fast food, but people should know enough not to order those. Rogan's is all about the specialties like its \"Rogan's Heroes.\"", 4, 1], "1e6o_cwqQb2VZIT8b6lcww": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "2/23/2009", "I have to depart from my fellow reviewers here. I'm presently eating a pizza from Rogan's and all I can think about is Dominoes. Seriously greasy. Heavy, oily cheese. I simply can't imagine having such strong positive reviews when nearly identical pizza is available mass produced in every town from coast to coast. There is way too much good pizza in this town to bother with this mess. I can't speak to the other menu items, but the pizza was a big disappointment.", 1, 4], "ZJJtMX397cKM6A_iJAXLsQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "1/11/2009", "Rogans is the best! They have the best pizza I've ever had. There open really late and they have low delivery minimums so you can order dinner for one and still get food sent to your house. I love that you can also order things like beer, candy, soda, ice cream, milk, and whatever groceries that you need and they will deliver it. Other than pizza they have great bread sticks, salads, and roast beef sandwiches.", 5, 3], "z0SfV7m7seSLZ8TsoOSzxQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "5/16/2008", "Sadly, Rogan's is not what it used to be. Back between 1988 and 1992, Rogan's was the place to go for pizza and wings and subs and beer. It was ALWAYS busy. I can't even tell you how many nights my friends and I ordered pizza and wings from Rogan's to help us get through a night of studying or to satisfy some late-night cravings. When I was in Ithaca in the fall of 2006, Rogan's was CLOSED. When I stopped to get a slice of pizza, I was told that they were closed for renovations and had been sold to a new owner. :(In the summer of 2007, they were back open, but it seemed like everything was missing. The inside had changed. It so wasn't what it used to be. We didn't even order pizza or wings, not sure if they even still had any. We were really disappointed. But at least we have the memories.... LOL", 3, 8], "e3fZZsAwV1sFTSZmDLXPSA": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "4/12/2008", "I sometimes dream of Rogans double dough pineapple and meatball pizzas along with fifty sweet wings. Eat the wings and then poor the extra juices from the wings on the pizza and add some bleu cheese. Its been a long time... Is Rogans still there?Anyone know their recipe for sweet wings?", 5, 3], "Qf1gUTKIp7FT8e76WYUiqg": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "7/28/2007", "Rogan's is THE best (if not the only) late night pizza delivery place in Ithaca! Oh, how I miss the oversized slices and the tangy sauce. I'm not sure it was so good when I was sober, but it's great for a late night pizza feast! Who could ever forget Rogan's?", 5, 2], "bfyNMd0wMJ9uo8W-tJ2afQ": ["Yelp", "Rogan\u2019s Corner", "6/27/2007", "Rogan's is a total South Hill landmark. They don't necessarily have the world's most amazing pizza, but they are the best source of pizza located immediately adjacent to Ithaca College (I actually dug Franco's sauce a little more)--- which means you're not going to spend 3 hours waiting for delivery. Delivery cut-off at Rogan's was one of those times that defined your existence, like knowing when quiet hours were in effect, what time they stopped serving breakfast in the Terrace dining hall on weekends, and when last call was.Their subs were also pretty good, and it's a convenient place to get gas and beer.Rogan's also provided the raw materials for one of the weirdest eating habits I ever acquired -- dipping the crust in the free Pepsi that came with the pizza. Picked that one up from a roommate's friend. Never done that anywhere else or any time since...", 4, 4]}
{"HFdKQ3UdkJ3UsUl5ZbVLCw": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "11/20/2018", "My first time here. I ordered the Firehouse steak and cheese. It was good, but the bread was sliced on both sides so all the ingredients spilled out onto my plate and I had to eat most with a fork. That was really annoying. My son got the same sub and his didn't fall out. Cost me just just short of $30 for two subs, chips and drinks. A little expensive for subs. Overall it was good and I will return.", 3, 0], "tdzjC2eBCcwatfAnnA-q2Q": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "11/10/2018", "Awesome food and friendly staff. I got the hero sub and a cookie. The veggies were crisp and the meat was delicious.", 5, 0], "HkJkJRId07vmr3QaFUXkkw": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "6/23/2018", "The Subs are Hot & so is the delivery Guy!I think \"Mr. June\" from the NYC calendar is moonlighting in Ithaca!I ordered the Steak sandwich - it was fresh, delicious and impressive. The peppers were great, and the mushrooms were huge, and the meat was scrumptious.I'm so glad I gave up cooking! I devoured an entire \"medium\" which was the perfect size, and it came with a crunchy pickle- which made it a complete meal!(And I was in Philly last month- no comparison! FIREHOUSE SUBS is definitely better than any Cheese steak in Philly!) Xo yum yum.", 5, 0], "B7iEgIbVvGC3fA9iNo0cbA": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "6/16/2018", "Love Firehouse Subs. The girls working were so nice and definitely knew how to work customer service. Our subs were delicious and looked well prepared. So glad we ran into this restaurant while camping.", 4, 0], "CHFt0UDu1AQmjCvK35uIAg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "5/14/2017", "Price, and quality of the subs left a lot to be desired. For almost 10 bucks a sub without drink or sides, you'd think the sub would be of gourmet quality and not a soggy, greasy mess. No, do not come here especially since there are much better options in that same lot now.Service was good. Didn't have to wait too long for my food at all. Won't come again.", 2, 0], "8aYkLWo0V8bknxGeYpC7cg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "3/1/2017", "I love Shortstop, but this is better. I usually get the smokehouse brisket and cheddar (IMHO the best sandwich there). It is so damn tasty I become sad after I've finished eating it. Nice atmosphere, never crowded, food comes out quick, clean etc. but to me it's their smokehouse brisket that keeps me from having subs elsewhere. Ik this is just a chain, and Ithaca has lots of great restaurants, but this has got to be one of my favorites", 5, 1], "CVQdnX6ofkdcN3194eroyQ": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "2/4/2017", "Waited one full hour for two subs. Unapologetic, uninformed, unable servers. Do not come here under any circumstances.", 1, 0], "n0gAN2oYzdps270T8qYj5g": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "10/1/2016", "Great subs but when three subs cost over $30, I shall dine elsewhere.Each sub came with the obligatory chips and drink, but still.", 3, 0], "E6SRK4bxK0mu_zxCgOiA_Q": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "8/4/2016", "Pretty decent subs. They have a variety with calories explicitly listed on them, which is good. Also have a nice selection of hot sauces. Good for a quick grab.", 3, 0], "j5B0HWSHT3yS9jRKaCGGFA": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "2/26/2016", "LOVE LOVE this place!! Always good food!Always clean!Employees are nice and on the ball! Free drinks for first responders was a BONUS!! :)Really really hope they consider opening one closer to Horseheads,NY!! :)", 5, 0], "AceEPmaFjrWcdXfa9gNHLg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "9/21/2015", "Favorite lunch spot in Ithaca. Subs are warm, staff friendly, they do reward programs, discounts, and the theme is nice. It's a fireman-oriented environment, with various different pieces of gear and what-have-you adorning the walls. I've tried every sandwich they have, and I always revert back to the Engineer, but there's nothing disappointing on the menu. They also have a gigantic assortment of hot sauces along the counter to spice your sandwich or salad. The owner is friendly and very community oriented. He is constantly in the dining area walking around, checking satisfaction, and making small talk with various patrons. Check it out and grab a hot sub for lunch.", 5, 0], "7lPA32MYr2wlk1oq2_lSAA": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "5/6/2015", "Food is good. Restaurant is clean. Workers are angry at you for coming in 20 minutes before closing even though you're in and out within 5 minutes.", 3, 0], "R38n0t-OkhN8Z2SvDxaCfg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "10/9/2014", "This location was brutal. Being the only ones in the store a sub should not take half an hour to make. Try also messed up the order and after waiting that long we just took the food and left.", 1, 0], "HZiAUnJ6HQ9XSvKeN7GozA": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "9/21/2014", "Not sure why these people say they prefer subway? My wife and i have ate here numerous times and have always had a great meal and service! If you like no meat and tons of lettuce then go to subway but i like meat on my subs and have never been disappointed yet.", 4, 0], "cshy3fGrxI38dcxVSPePhQ": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "9/3/2014", "The flavors and quality if meat is superior to Subway. The bread texture and taste is superior to Subway. It isn't as good as Quiznos was but they went out of business locally due to poor location. I have been here 6+ times. Always quick service and polite. The turkey, cranberry is not good combo as cranberry too sweet for a sub. I like the reward of free drink for completing their surveys. The other subs are juicy and tasty. I like the 25+ self serve sauces/hot sauces and the fancy customizable soda machine that even tells how many calories per serving of your choice. I don't like the corporate making them shout out a greeting (why I hate Moe's) but luckily they don't do it all the time here and not as loud and jarring as Moe's.", 4, 1], "ZaSenwcoHpDu0-jQmkB2UQ": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "8/23/2014", "Delicious Food & Fast Service - if there is a problem with your order -- they will make it right. Love taking my kids here & the staff is friendly as well.", 5, 1], "0wkzDYC7rvJ0thSuto6hFw": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "7/9/2014", "I just tried Firehouse Subs for the second time. It wasn't terrible. The food was tasty and the staff was nice.There were two glaring weaknesses.The first is that the service was slow. It took forever to get two sandwiches, despite the fact that there was no line at the counter when we came in.But the bigger weakness was the value. A small sub, chips and a drink was over $8. You get much more for your money at Subway, Jimmy Johns or even the local supermarket.", 2, 1], "KiC_7-Ilt9qEIb2d3dwm4A": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "3/30/2014", "This place isnt quite as bad as others have said. I would give it a 3 - It's okay.The sandwiches taste pretty good, it will definitely fill you up, but you'll most likely spend more than $10. They have a good selection, and the atmosphere is nice. I thought the huge selection of sauces was cool too.The service was just fine.Everything is clean. Not the best sandwich in town, but they have some different items than most sub places.", 3, 0], "akCMAV2iIhdfMSqt4JLERw": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "1/29/2014", "I was down at PetSmart and was craving a sub, so I checked this place out. I ordered the brisket & cheese sandwich and all I can really taste is BBQ sauce.Positives: The atmosphere was nice and everything was clean. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.Negatives: The food. I'm tempted to say you're better off going to Arby's as others have, but the quality is *slightly* better. That being said, I wish I had just gone to Subway instead.", 2, 1], "p_rzF4wNNKQgxuI-IEBNYQ": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "12/9/2013", "This was mine and my father's first experience at a Firehouse Subs. Overall it was a great experience. The owner, Anthony, was very friendly and attentive. He took the time to go over the menu with us and made sure we understood all of the options. The food came out in a timely fashion and was delivered to our table. I ordered the meatball sub which was pretty good (my grandfather makes stellar homemade meatballs so it's hard for me to rate any other meatballs as \"very good\") and my father ordered the hook and ladder sub which he said was phenomenal. The pricing is along the same lines as a Subway or a Quiznos and so are the sizes. The difference is the quantity of meat, Firehouse subs have a lot more meat on them than Subway or Quiznos subs do. Plus they're toasted in an actual toaster unlike Subway subs. All in all, it was a great experience and I would recommend Firehouse Subs to my friends and family.", 4, 2], "EPFMHg7JhI4pFZKZnnC9bg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "12/6/2013", "A great experience. Staff was friendly and easy-going, service was prompt and the meat ball sub was one of the best I've had in recent memory. My only wish is that they had a location in Brooklyn.", 5, 0], "8hSgoyBEstUKe3hd33EzzA": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "11/20/2013", "My boyfriend and I discovered this place completely by accident, and it has become our favorite new sandwich spot. It's truly a hidden gem. We've collectively tried five different subs so far and all of them have been absolutely DELICIOUS. Better than Wegman's, better than Ithaca Bakery, MILES better than Subway. Also, I'm confused by the reviews saying the service wasn't good-- The staff has been nothing but friendly and helpful. They go out of their way to make recommendations, make your food exactly how you want it, and come to your table to ask how you're enjoying your meal. This might be my new favorite lunch spot. A+.", 5, 0], "oplULmFxKwOBy1evGK7MBg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "10/6/2013", "So I went back again the other day and the experience was sub-par.Upon walking in the line just mumbled the \"welcome to firehouse\", which hey, I don't care so much but still.We went up to the line to order and I got the New York Steamer and my wife the meatball again. We just got medium subs and together the meal came to about $20. They brought our meal to our table which was nice.The New York steamer was not impressive at all. There was not a lot of meat and cheese and the flavor tasted like something from Arby's. It was also pretty same. Maybe the large would've been better but that would've made the sub almost $8 by itself. The price really hit me. This place is just not worth the price.Between Gorgers, Shortstop Deli and Wegmans this place just isn't competition in my opinion.The only reason this get's 2 stars is because my wife loves the meatballs there.All in all opening night was great for this place but it has already gone downhill. That and they should have never gotten rid of that pork sandwich. Also during our meal someone spilled their soda by the front door and I heard the staff saying they didn't want to take the mop out so instead of picking up the spill they just put a wet floor sign out. Thought this was hilarious and sad at the same time.So save your money and go to Yogurtland next door or Five Guys across the street or Wegmans right down the way if you really want a sub worth $8.", 2, 0], "6VMpxODTKn2vmowVdjw6IQ": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "9/24/2013", "This place was horrible!!! I went there for the first time EVER! Never even heard of the brand before. Only went because a classmate of mine raved about them last night in class. We walked in, not welcomed or offered assistance.I went over to the register and asked if this was were I ordered, the cashier, who's name was Chyna, pointed to the sign above my head, did not say a word, I apologized, and asked if I could get the number 8, her response was medium or large, I assumed she was talking about the drink that came with the combo. So I told her a large, she then asked \"what else do you want?\" I said my boyfriend still had to order, she didn't acknowledge him, or ask what he wanted but simply glared at him he ordered his sandwich and again she asked large or medium again he assumed that she was asking for drink size. She then pointed to a screen that showed the total, did not even speak the total! After he paid I asked for our cups for our drinks. She then informed us that we did not order drinks, that we should have specified that we wanted a combo, at this point the manager had gotten on the other register and asked what the problem was, and i simply said that i assumed we ordered combos that came with a drink, The manager then forced us to pay for a drink after politely declining wanting a drink any longer. While waiting for our food, the cashier glared at us the entire time!!!!! The food overall was decent, but WAY overpriced!!!! There are at least five other places in town that I could go to and get an equal or better sandwich for less money, I promise I will not be returning.", 1, 2], "IftWiqXF2iFqwNKdWVCYcg": ["Yelp", "Firehouse Subs", "9/19/2013", "I had a fit of nostalgia and stopped by when I saw firehouse had opened in Ithaca (I am from FL originally).The food quality was good, the value was horrible. So, the food tasted good, but the price for what you get is astronomical. Essentially a 6 inch sub with a small drink cost me 8.50. Compared to Ithaca Bakery ... not worth it.I was not greeted when I walked in the store. (the owner was not there at the time) When he walked in suddenly they started greeting people again. I asked for \"fully involved\" i got just meat and bread. When I took it back it took 15 minutes to get the issue resolved ... 15 minutes ... I did the online survey and the owner called me. Seemed like a nice guy in his message ... but sorry bud ... the prices are not worth it and the crew is horrible.They also do not offer different sizes of sandwiches like at other Firehouse Subs.All in all, it was horrible.**Edit**They apperently do offer two sizes of subs like other Firehouse Subs ... I was just told they did not when I tried to order a large sub.Which actually makes my review worse ... I would give it zero stars if I could.Crappy service with uninterested, unknowledgable staff and food that is blatently overpriced.", 1, 0]}
{"61zLIpFn6JR2uve5WYUlFQ": ["Yelp", "Salsa Fiesta", "4/7/2018", "I ordered food at 2:00p.m. today for delivery... it was just a burrito bowl meal w Pepsi & chips & salsa. TWO HOURS LATER it was still not here!! I had to call several times and once they FINALLY got here they forgot my Pepsi. I do give them probs for only charging me 10$ for my 17$ meal but seriously I was late to work bc I had to wait for the food for so long.", 2, 0]}
{"qNIOIuppcFDINerevhgJEw": ["Yelp", "Finger Lakes Music Bar", "2/27/2019", "love the Cajun seafood with the garlic butter sauce\uff0cit is the best one I had so far other then the actual The Boil seafood restaurant in New York City. I never find any other Cajun seafood restaurant has this good flavor. 100% recommend. The price are very reasonable.", 5, 0]}
{"H671zwpMIdQvad56gXHSOA": ["Yelp", "Mv Manhattan", "3/26/2014", "This boat is very high school basement like.  The ceiling tiles have stains and are falling out.  I'm just 6 foot tall and my head scraps the ceiling. The food is ok but that might be an over statement. Not a great experience.  The bar tender was really nice.  Lots of booze.  I guess this would be great for a drinking might on the water.", 1, 1]}
{"C3AcDCIFu87ZVhme6bsoTQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "12/28/2018", "Very bland American Chinese food, for the prices you would think the food would taste better, I don't recommend place doesn't look very clean. Won't be going back", 2, 0], "l_TkVLgD5ib7PYZuFUTHEQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "1/1/2018", "I love the family who runs this place. The food is delicious & always arrives on time. Vegan options are available here!! I recommend the Vegetable Mei Fun or Chow Fun with Tofu added.", 5, 0], "HFYZrr6sph0XEAihr9mWXw": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "12/17/2017", "Ooooy... huge disappointment. Eggplant undercooked, egg rolls over cooked... sesame chicken wildly sweet. Ling Ling is soooo much better, but ok in a pinch...", 2, 0], "fJG2EFffVw53DAghZttHwQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "9/14/2017", "My experience here is spectacularly good. So I live next door, and my friend and I usually get food from this place. Both service and food are very pleasant, and every time we don't have to wait long for our order, which is rare in Chinese restaurants. Food is amazing and it is at good price!!", 5, 0], "er3RIywNlaGIThmie2lsfA": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "5/6/2017", "Called to order food but it never came and when I called them the next day to complain they denied knowing anything about the order and wouldn't give me any coupon or something to make up for it. Completely unprofessional.", 1, 0], "eZvdkTPfQ_JPxVifoJAUSA": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "12/20/2016", "Ordered Singapore Mei-Fei (spell check) but was exactly the dish satisfying my urge. Includes shrimp, chicken, and pork with assortment of stir-fried vegetables with of course rice noodles (angel hair pasta style, thin and soft but great with flavor. Slight curry sensation. Overall, the perfect dish just under $11.", 4, 0], "rB_Cj_akB0Lv6ysh9JEtbQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "9/18/2016", "The food isn't stellar. I went there and had the sesame chicken, and it was basically like eating fried plastic. I wouldn't eat here again. However, my girlfriend really likes some teriyaki barbecue thing from here, so your mileage may vary.", 2, 0], "mSJG-_KA9y0yaiAg4Crgjw": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "3/22/2016", "I ate here with friends. It is really set up for take out and delivery, not sit down eating, which explains why the parking lot is empty and it wasn't crowded. They have tables if you come in, but you have to place your order at the counter and pay in advance. Someone posted pictures of a buffet, but there was no buffet when we went there on a weekday for lunch, and it didn't look like they had room for one. Maybe the buffet was at the old space.The food was standard American Chinese food. I ordered cold sesame noodles, chicken wings, crab rangoon, and steamed shrimp dumplings. The shrimp dumplings were the translucent kind. The crab rangoon was crispy, but strangely sweet.  I liked everything I got. Although the sesame noodles were a bit bland.  I prefer my home recipe. They have bubble teas with and without milk. And with black tapioca balls or lychee jelly.  But no popping boba.  I love bubble tea and wish someone would open a bubble tea shop that sold all the teas in the posters in the windows.", 4, 0], "-sNrFJZHukVt9812n20QZQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "1/28/2016", "Truly the worst Chinese food I have ever eaten. Kung-bo should be hot and spicy, not sweet and covered with salt crystals. The pork fried rice was downright inedible; it tasted like a weird mixture of Minute Rice and couscous, gummy and just godawful. I'm nauseated- thought Capital Kitchen was bad until I tried Jade Garden.", 1, 0], "8WuL2LZsA2QNsRcy0pbwWw": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "1/1/2016", "I ordered delivery to my work, it's a holiday so I was happy that they were open. They have a 20 dollar min. For delivery, which I hate since there is a delivery fee anyways. And $20 is on the high side for Chinese if your weigh under 300 pounds. They were 15 minutes later than the 45 minutes they said, so it took an hour. There was no sauce for the egg rolls, no silverware, no napkins. The food tastes good but I wish I had something to eat it with... Honestly I can't even enjoy this food right now because I'm so disgusted with the service.", 2, 1], "50ETEFj6zMT55SLN9DTpBQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "11/15/2015", "Jade Garden is in it's new location at Meadow St. & W. State St. Easy access and a nice interior setting. This is good Chinese take-out, from friendly people, and in a restaurant that is clean, well-equipped, and produces good food in a prompt and delicious way. For many years in Ithaca, I have always had one \"go-to\" Chinese take-out restaurant. Now, Jade Garden will be an equal, yet more conveniently located, option for me, and I anticipate going there regularly. Making a move from the 100 block of N. Aurora St. to their current new location could prove to be a gold mine, not only because of the good food, but because of the genius location, both where traffic flow is concerned, and because of it's central location, easily accessible by commuters headed in any direction. So, I wish them good luck, and I encourage you to have a meal there!", 4, 2], "lRhECov3SuElF7O2l5uqPw": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "7/14/2015", "After eating at Capital Corner for years, I decided to try something new. I am sorry I did not try Jade Garden sooner! Everything about my experience was infinitely better than with Capital Corner. Jade Garden's food is wonderful. I have tried their crab Rangoon, hot and sour soup (so spicy and good!) General Tso's Chicken, beef and mushroom, and vegetable fried rice. Everything so far has been delicious. The staff are friendly and the delivery came about 15 minutes early as well. Love Jade Garden!", 5, 1], "Qimmj6i48SBUpAYw-eHZ_Q": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "12/31/2014", "Have to say for a little lunch buffet it was surprisingly good with a decent variety of dishes. Lets see... I can recall both fried tofu and a softer tofu version n vegetables, string beans, sweet n sour chicken, chicken on a stick, egg roll, crab rangoon, chicken n vegetables, beef n mushroom, orange chicken, lo mein, dumplings. Nothing was particularly outstanding, everything was particularly what you would expect. It was particularly affordable.", 3, 1], "Hmyb3z5Koef3rlgZ5u9QWg": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "12/27/2014", "Very nasty, food had no flavor. Point blank period Don't order from here WASTE OF MONEY!!", 1, 0], "rYr1XteJJfbqAs0hh8XEgQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "10/18/2014", "Everything had a burnt taste to it, as if their pans weren't clean. I ordered my rice with no onions, it had onions!", 1, 0], "06Bp7Gumk1nbgBZyV2nBSQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "3/25/2014", "First off, I would not come here for authentic Chinese food. Period.The place was empty when we arrived, and the atmosphere was... bleh. The server was kind and helpful, but that doesn't help with the quality of the food. We ordered 5 dishes, family style:- Lemon chicken- Seaseme chicken- Shrimp with lobster sauce- Schezuan beef- Some vegetable dish with garlic sauceEdible, but not up to par. I also had to clarify to the waiter that we wanted rice, which did not come in a big bowl (which I was surprised)--and it came much later after all the dishes had been served. Meh. The portions were adequately sizedWhy did I come here again? Oh, that's right--it was during St. Patrick's Day weekend, and every other place was booked with inebriated college kids. That and all of my friends were really craving Chinese food and it was one of the closest place that was open and wasn't packed. To be fair, it wasn't that bad; it just doesn't fit in with the quality and style I'm used to. I suppose this place would be decent for those who want more of an Americanized taste.", 2, 4], "kIMQ_7StXdQdc7i1UAPxOg": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "2/14/2014", "Still recovering from the food poisoning the vegetable fried rice and dumplings gave me.", 1, 0], "TPK4Oq8em4Emzcb97GeCIA": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "2/8/2014", "3 stars basically because the delivery is quick and service is good but food is mostly average and dishes are probably a bit too expensive compared to better places I've been to outside Ithaca. My SO likes the cheap lunch buffet. The Singapore mei fun is surprisingly good.", 3, 0], "GwwzQ1C01mYHlJCJrgKxvg": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "11/30/2013", "Service is fast and relatively friendly, and the food is great if you know what to order. I usually get the honey chicken, which is consistently good. I've gotten coconut shrimp a few times, but it's hit or miss. For delivery, they are extremely fast. Grubhub says it'll take 60 minutes, but it's usually only 20-30. Pick-up orders usually take 5-10 minutes to be ready. Their fried rice is the best I've had in Ithaca. Definitely the best Chinese take-out in Ithaca. MILES above Capital Corner in terms of service and quality,", 4, 4], "jTWiAUCn5tNVajoFrmhXBQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "6/10/2013", "The good: Delivery was fast and hot and the fee was low, which I always appreciate. And oh, those fried dumplings. A slice of heaven! The vegetable egg roll that came with the combo platter was also delicious. And the coconut shrimp was great!The bad: The fried rice was mediocre at best. Although the pork bits tasted good, the rice was far too bland. Kinda mushy, not enough soy sauce maybe? And not enough vegetables, in my opinion... taking off one star for that. Based on the existing reviews and my own experience, I could see this place being pretty hit or miss. I'll be getting those dumplings again, though.", 4, 0], "NFy-k3u2tJrpGBN_6TFKLg": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "5/28/2013", "The worst food I had ever had. No quality, no presentation, nothing good in this restaurant. This is totally wastage of money.", 1, 2], "tUC7ED2wyw4It4OT8cFj4g": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "5/24/2013", "This might be the worst Chinese restaurant in Ithaca, and thats hard to accomplish because most of them are so bad. There is nothing exciting on their menu so I went with the standard chicken and Brocoli. The chicken and brocoli I make at home is far better, and I have no experience in Chinese cooking. The dish tasted like they cut up brocoli and chicken and just stir fried it with a low quality soy sauce. The brocoli was over cooked and the chicken tasted a bit funky. Absolutely awful.", 1, 2], "B9MYZ7IHmdqlTuWsoOP3Bg": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "9/23/2012", "This place is absolutely terrible! We ordered online and expected it to take about an hour. Upon checking to see what time we ordered, about thirty minutes later, our account said that they just then recieved the order. So I called to double check and low and behold they just got the order and we had to wait even longer. That was the better part of this experience. The food finally came, and the smell alone was enough to prove it was ineditable. We got General Tso, had one bite and the texture and taste was disgusting. The vegetable lo mein smelt like seafood and desiel fuel which we didn't dare try. The crispy noodles you get in the bag we're soggy. Everything about this so called restaurant was just awful and I advise everyone to save your money. I have half a mind to call the better business bureau on them.", 1, 1], "BroeG_o1WcxMlkS_a6D_4Q": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "7/1/2012", "Horrible is actually a compliment. This was the worst Chinese food I ever tasted. The meat (chicken and beef) was dry and had a disgusting aftertaste. The shrimp was rubbery and the vegetables had no flavor. The egg-rolls were just flaky dough. Even the fortune cookies were stale.I wish I could forget the entire experience but I fear my tastebuds will never forgive me.", 1, 3], "PCzSHV6gQEcPAfNHZYeP2g": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "4/19/2012", "This is a small, family-owned place with a limited but decent lunch buffet.  They also do a lot of takeout, and have a sit-down dinner menu. It's convenient to the Commons and the owners are friendly and competent. If you get there late and the buffet has dwindled, just ask and they'll bring out more food.", 3, 0], "BDbcje_vctmchnHK5Ts7pQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "4/18/2012", "Okay, I tried this a long while back and thought it was awful. Didn't have the guts to try again for 4 YEARS. Someone recently told me they thought it was good (admittedly, their opinion counts very little)... well, I was hungry, so I tried it. I picked it up 5 minutes after ordering (already a little concerning) Well... AWFUL! I ordered General Tso's chicken \"chef's specialty\" and Shrimp Lo Mein. I asked for both spicy. Result: General Tso's chicken is not even a little crispy, it is slimy. Flavor acceptable, but texture incredibly bad. Lo Mein tastes OVERWHELMINGLY of garlic and nothing else. It is the worst Lo Mein I've ever had, and I've eaten other Chinese food in Ithaca (which is mostly bad) so that's saying a lot. And, to top it all off... after asking 3 times before hanging up, NEITHER DISH WAS SPICY. I will never order here again. I suggest you do the same. In the end, Chinese food in this city is terrible, but this has to be the worst one. I'd say Hai Hong is the most acceptable.", 1, 3], "oxxq5MndW2kdTLqlWwjo1A": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "2/23/2012", "Wasn't too sure about this place, it looked empty. Then I realized it is because everyone either takes carryout and takes advantage of the awesome $1 delivery charge here! We had two orders of General Tso's chicken with an egg roll and fried rice combo (7.95 each) it was more than us girls could eat but just the right size for a guy probably. The food wasn't greasy and we threw the leftovers in the garbage of our hotel room thinking the next day the whole room would smell like chinese food, but it never happened! Very good!", 5, 4], "nM3PotMp1Ck1iXcVBHiZRQ": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "1/14/2012", "best chinese in ithaca.Edit: this place is a hit or miss. I would pick it over other chinese in Ithaca though. Cus they are all pretty bad.", 3, 3], "EDwe_XnUnPzg5Gi-fVhEiw": ["Yelp", "Jade Garden Restaurant", "3/11/2011", "I am writing this review after reviewing another Ithacan Chinese Restaurant, Capital Corner. I give this restaurant a great review on the relative scale, so I shall write another review upon future experiences. I have only eaten food from here once.After a terrible experience with the food I ordered for delivery from Capital Corner not arriving, I decided to order from Jade Garden on Campusfood.com. Despite the stated 60 minute estimated delivery time, the food arrived in 30 minutes, which was great because I was very hungry! Great value on the food, large portions, and good Chinese takeout! My boyfriend ordered the Sesame Chicken, which he gets from each Chinese restaurant he orders from. It was good, not greasy, with a really sweet sauce. There was way too much sauce, however. I ordered a dish with mixed vegetables and chicken, pork, beef, and shrimp. The meat was tender, and there was a nice variety of vegetables as well. There were green bell peppers in the dish, which I don't usually see in Chinese food, and I just picked around them because I don't like them. Oh yes, and we were able to substitute brown rice for white rice at no extra charge. Good stuff. No complaints about this restaurant. This is my new Chinese place for delivery while I live in Ithaca as a Cornell student...", 5, 3]}
{"bBYZUcK5-DP3vQbp0wbUIg": ["Yelp", "Lake Breeze Pizzeria & Ice Cream", "9/3/2015", "Good location right on East Shore drive. I always get the junior size because their servings are very large. You'll get your money's worth. They serve Purity ice cream and normally have around 15 favors. The big issue is that they are cash only. I've skipped them on many a night when I realized I didn't have the cash to treat the whole family. We just go down the road to Purity instead.", 4, 0]}
{"GYCXpDbRcA695VChSnUn-w": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "11/9/2018", "Big ass steak was really one of its kind. Wings were fine. So was vegetable side. Customers generally made lots of noise not gonna like it. Average atmosphere and good service.", 5, 0], "B0CtcqF7MNgu6ur40RiP_g": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/16/2018", "This place is pricey, but worth every penny. I came with a group of friends for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all! Our waiter was wonderful and took care of all 8 of us! I ordered the eggs Benedict with bacon and was very satisfied with my meal. There were 8 of us and all of our meals came out at the same time and were all hot which is amazing because it's not common for me. My eggs Benedict were perfect. Poached eggs were just the right amount of runny and the qualities tasted of good quality stuff. Bacon didn't look so great but they tasted amazing -- perfect amount of crispy but not overdone to a chip. They give you a lot of bacon for $3 also. Will definitely be returning again soon!", 5, 4], "Pv1ufonGJpmozziIYPQCNQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "7/5/2018", "This seems like a fine place and our bartender Ayla was amazing, but honestly, we could stand it here for more than a drink because the AC is broken and it's effing hot AF. They jerry-rigged some box fans to try and salvage some atmosphere, but it was straight up brutal in here. We would've grabbed a couple of rounds here, but we left after our first, and we won't be coming back until they get the AC fixed.", 1, 0], "v3Krut9P1S2I-0OYW60nvA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "5/7/2018", "80% of the time, waitstaff and bartenders are very friendly. however, i've experienced times where some of the waitresses were extremely mean and sassy. she overcharged for drinks and didn't explain the new change in policy for double drinks during happy hour. this place happens to be cornell law school's top bar destination, which is why i'll give it 4 stars instead of 3. the food and service are 3-star worthy, but the memories make it 4.", 4, 0], "8JXYD7NlEX53duWWRDSEbg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "4/21/2018", "Tried to grab a quick lunch between Model UN sessions. They were serving brunch and were somehow short of non-brunch menus. Foster, our server, finally brought some over and we let him know we had to leave in 45 minutes. He didn't think it would be a problem. Well, 35 minutes later there was still no food and it took pretty aggressive waving to get his attention. The hummus was way short on pita chips. They boxed up our food. Three of us left just in time with food in hand and two of us stayed as we were on a different schedule and asked for more pita chips. This also took a long time but he did warn us at least. Food was tasty but pricey and no consideration was offered for messing up our lunch. While the place was a little busy, there were plenty of empty seats.", 2, 1], "hLjOFXTc2CWEy7i4ga_gpw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/17/2018", "The service here was absolutely amazing and the food was to die for! I got the fish tacos and they were superb, and my husband got the elk burger with tots. He said it was also wonderful. Even on a Saturday night, I found the environment friendly and welcoming, and the staff all incredibly helpful. I'd definitely recommend stopping in for dinner here!", 4, 1], "HRfb1Xs-2YFMEwPdEpJ18w": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/11/2018", "More like 3.5 but i cant do half so I rounded down. I came with my bf after the gym and the place was kinda busy. Our server was alright but the food could use some I provements for the price they charged. I ordered an elk burger with sweet potato fries and my bf ordered a lamb burger with truffle fries and cheesecake for dessert. My sweet potato fries were a bit overcooked but not too terrible, we were told that our burgers would be medium rare which is what I like but they came out well done, the buns were cold, and our cheesecakes were a bit too tart. The place seemed a bit messy in term of how they arranged their tables. Getting around was a challenge because people and chairs were every where. Other than that we had a decent experience at the place.", 3, 0], "AXXaICIbTevbTN5lp2CnWQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/10/2018", "Restored perfectly to its old world charm. Warm and comfortable, great service and awesome food. Burger was off the charts and the mac and cheese was the best we've had anywhere. I suspect the 1 and 2 star reviews were written by competitors. Definitely worth going!", 5, 0], "cP0ku-wEBruQ_zGR9tJhHw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "12/3/2017", "This is historically an establishment well known and loved by many but has definitely taken a downturn. Some of the new staff has been flat out mean, unreceptive and unaccommodating. Portions are small and the wait is long as always.", 1, 0], "IGCnYqaD21zMt9LwLJXCcg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "11/8/2017", "Rulloff's is my favorite local watering hole! The bartenders are nice and greet you with a smile and the chile is great.", 5, 0], "fbfw0U3el9MXeD3y6Dx5NA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/30/2017", "Excellent restaurant! Brunch is pretty good with decent price! The mood of restaurant is also very classic therefore make people for attractable", 5, 0], "z0-mb8kNTx6zjUmNlOmOBg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/23/2017", "Rob and Cait are the life of the bar. We go there to see them and they treat their customers like they belong. Its hard to find this type of service in ithaca", 5, 0], "nF2aCJssJ5A-joY0jkssxw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/3/2017", "Love Rulloff's! I've been here multiple times for dinner and brunch and my experience has been great for both. Dinner:Their ahi tuna wontons and sriracha wings are bombbb. I've had the whiskey maple bacon wings as well, and they're a bit too sweet for my taste. However, if you have more of a sweet tooth, they might be right for you. The Silence of the Lambs burger is nice and juicy, and SUPER filling. Brunch: I usually go for their omelette of the day (unless it's vegetarian), and then I go for the eggs Benedict. Both are super filling and perfect savory treats on those cold Ithaca mornings. Also, their home fries are the best I've ever had. Perfectly crispy and perfectly seasoned! My friend who like sweet brunch go for the banana bread french toast and they seem to like it! They have two for one mimosa ($6) from 11am-12pm on weekends, which is a pretty solid deal. I've also heard that on Mondays they put on the newest Bachelor franchise episode on request, so I will be checking that out soon! (Unapologetically basic, oops.)", 4, 0], "YAPUhxwPIOJxHUgLo0P-1g": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "7/22/2017", "Great small pub with old wood. Older gentleman playing Cole porter on piano. Grabbed a beer with delicious omelet special. Was just the right atmosphere. Check out this hole in the wall gem.", 5, 0], "vuCvBInFmuDe4SLWMFkSQQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "3/5/2017", "Incredibly poor service. It shouldn't take a bartender more than 25 minutes to ask if you'd like something when there are fewer than four people to serve.", 1, 1], "w_M3seYf3BWl6W_TzaYhIg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/25/2017", "Had the worst consumer experience of my life at this restaurant. While all members of our party were of age, they took our licenses and bent them all in half, offering no reasoning for destroying our main form of identification. When we asked to speak to a manager, another bartender came over and told us they had the right to do whatever they wanted to our property. More than anything else, the utterly lacked empathy, understanding or basic human niceties. I've gone at least once a week for over a year, and will not return.", 1, 9], "Ci35vcBudBk0d3feZEmzcQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/12/2017", "Rulloffs has the best nachos ever. Hands down. I order nachos at every bar I go to and I've never had any even close to as good. (Side note: don't order nachos at the Nines).The staff is really friendly and will remember you after a couple times. It's really great when the staff already knows your favorite drink. Some of the waiters I really like are Jacob and Jordan.The drinks are kind of pricey and mostly not worth it. But sharing a pitcher and a plate of nachos with some friends is one of my favorite memories at Cornell.P.S. Ask for a treasure island from Rob the bartender. It's amazing.", 4, 0], "zbIWjdmmEhfIZuyoYKLLYQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/12/2017", "Went there for brunch. First thing I noticed when I walked in was a strong damp smell, it stank and was gross. Brunch menu only had 7-8 items and burgers (not good for a 10 am meal). I got waffles and it was absolutely horrible, they were thin and crispy, almost over cooked and ridiculously sweet, not a good experience. The waitress was rude and didn't tell us that separate checks would include service fee. Never going back.", 1, 0], "8c-3qLRN8GwNkd4QcyCNGw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/11/2017", "Stellar kitchen staff! Food is innovative and exciting! Lunch, dinner or drinks this is the place to be! Hot side has serious talent, one of few restaurants I can order a steak exactly how I want it and have no doubt that it is exactly how it will come out. This will always be my go to when on the area!", 5, 0], "AowkvHYALllDHblVEr6ttQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/6/2017", "Great place to drink. I like Margarita best! Very fresh and with salt on the edge of the cup. Also, Tequila sunrise is also another recommendation. Haven't tried others yet. Good environment for drinking, especially when semester is over!", 4, 0], "ckzyxSY6Jjj7fVQ_yM53gw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "12/29/2016", "We stopped here for a bite to eat on a quiet weeknight during winter break. The nachos and truffle fries were good. The tuna wontons were horrible, one tiny niblet of tuna per wonton and some carrot shreds, otherwise hollow and they were deep fried until burnt.  I should have gotten a burger.", 3, 0], "k6vL-dVD5LnMvN4ZoI-2Gw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "10/14/2016", "A lot of good burgers here. Very convenient location in college town, I must admit. BUT, DESPITE THE PROXIMITY, the food takes so so so so long. I've been here twice and both times I've been painfully hungry while waiting for my meal. Good for group.... If you want to wait. I still will come back I'm sure; but I have to be ready for the WAIT. Honestly, bring snacks. The sweet potato fries are so dank as well", 4, 0], "uTyCd9yBisChFaeC1do4WA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "8/8/2016", "Students come to Rulloff's for the great bar which easily beats out any other location in Collegetown. However, it is truly the food from the traditional burgers & tatter tots, to the Swordfish or pasta entrees that scores this restaurant 5 stars.From the great location, ample parking in either the garage or on the streets, and they even take reservations, Rulloff's is defiantly my number one choice in Ithaca when I want a meal I leave satisfied and full from! (And I'm also a huge foodie so I've been to almost every restaurant in Ithaca!)", 5, 1], "rgMqkFaJKhM4u4aHDBmbCA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "7/10/2016", "We decided to dine here for brunch because it looked like a cool spot. Everything just went down hill from there. First, our menus said two different things, and we were told that one menu was correct. One of us does not enjoy goat cheese and asked if their sandwich could be without. Right on her sandwich was a big plop of ch\u00e8vre. The bacon was very burnt. And one of us asked for chocolate chip waffles, and they waited came out later and said they didn't have them. On the check he charged us for the chocolate chips ??? The only thing I enjoyed was my soda. This place deserves a two stars for the reasons stated. We will not be revisiting this place anytime soon.", 2, 1], "w6K6dgrMgTcWHAML2PCrWw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "6/1/2016", "I love Rulloffs. I'm not from the Ithaca area but everytime I am at Cornell for one reason or another, I try to go to Rulloffs. From what locals have told me it's more of a dive bar but I've come here a few times before 9PM and each time has been free of beer sloshing to and fro and relatively clean and enjoyable experiences. The ambiance is great (I love the music they play...Hall and Oates, Steely Dan..good stuff). The menu has a lot of different options some of which probably sound better than they are but overall there's enough on there to keep me excited for my next Ithaca trip.For dinner I got their version of the Shepard's pie. It was interesting. I ate it all because I was hungry but I'm not so sure I would get it again. Looking at most peoples plates around me it seems like you can't go wrong with most things you order, the presentation is good and the food is actually tasty. I'm excited to try some of the burgers (there were a lot) next time I visit Ithaca.", 4, 0], "MelmQ5hTOuhTY2NqIR1Hnw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "5/29/2016", "This is the best spot in Collegetown (and all of Ithaca). Great food, great drinks, and amazing service. The vibe is really cool and fun. The cosmos are delicious and the Mac and cheese is to die for. Definitely my go to place in Ithaca!", 5, 2], "CoYmYnduuXVJAx65YEFfRg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "4/26/2016", "We got there and it didn't look too busy. We were seated as soon as the hostess / waitress came out of the back.Drinks came right away and we then ordered and appetizer and 3 entrees. And then we waited.After about 35 minutes the place was a fair bit busier and our entrees arrived. We had tried to flag the waitress down a few times about our appetizer but she was now trying to help everyone else.Shortly after our entrees came and I tried to ask about canceling the appetizer but she basically put the food down and went right back to the kitchen. Moments later she came back with the the appetizer and we told her that we no longer wanted it as there's no point to it now. She rather rudely exclaimed that we hadn't asked for it to come as an appetizer. When I explained that I didn't think I would need to ask for an item listed on the menu as an appetizer to actually come as an appetizer she informed us that people commonly get that item as a lunch and that we should have let her know?!?!??Well we apologized and again informed her that we no longer wanted the item so she huffed and took it away. But I mean what the heck? Let her know that we wanted the appetizer as an appetizer?The reason they get 2 stars instead of one is because the food that we did receive was good. But I have a hard time imaging going back there ever again.", 2, 2], "KwFeRvYH1_--smyckQR09g": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "4/10/2016", "I went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a friend. I was super excited to try something new, and the service was quick. I hadn't eaten anything else that day so I ordered their version of shepherd's pie. It came out quick but was small, cold, and definitely not worth the price. I ended up ordering their poutine after the fact (which was amazing!) because I was so hungry.Two stars because my friend found a big clear piece of plastic in her salad- the manager (who never appeared) offered via the waitress to get her a new salad, but we settled on having it taken off the bill. Not headed back here any time soon.", 2, 1], "5AE5LAb9yKXnL0P6baaAog": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "2/24/2016", "Food was amazing, had the \"cross that road\" sandwich and the terrain aioli was delicious. The sweet potato fries were absolutely incredible and the maple aioli for dipping them was perfect. Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a casual dinner with a cool, pub atmosphere", 5, 1], "3IYc1LYkD520u7tp2iPPCA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "12/10/2015", "Quickly becoming my go-to lunch spot and definitely my go-to happy hour! Great daily lunch specials and friendly staff. Plus they have great drink deals and the whole place has an Ithaca history theme.", 4, 0], "jzCZA3mxIgs9bOOUZHA6fQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "11/4/2015", "Love to see what they've done with this space since reopening. Great selection of beer particularly since Chapter House is no more. Food has definitely picked up enormously from the prior ownership.", 5, 0], "Vio_OkFKMA1leRoXQ5JgvA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "10/24/2015", "Service is nice but kitchen is so slow! Expect at least a 30 minute wait for subpar food.", 1, 2], "oumyLtxijfmnRX_25aNKHw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/28/2015", "Service is rude. I was here with my friends from work visiting on a recruitment trip. At the end of the night the bar tender placed a stack of 1 dollar and 5 dollar bills on the counter and walked away. My friend took a joke picture with these causing the bartender to yell and curse at us. Then as we walked out he yelled that we would never f*cking get back in ever again then followed us out and yelled down the street at us... Sorry not sure what the huge problem was. Not saying we were in the right but plain language would have been sufficient, no need for yelling and expletives. it was obviously a joke, not as if we were trying to hide the fact we were taking a picture.Not how to handle relations with your loyal patrons. Not going back.", 1, 7], "qigd7le1gJffz4w2hDjzLg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "9/27/2015", "Good, reasonably priced food! The appetizers are interesting and the meat and seafood mains are strong qualify and taste. Conveniently located a block from campus.", 5, 0], "bFDyEAvalhLPCH1yU_SxDg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "8/20/2015", "Excellent all around. We came in for happy hour and sat at the bar. The bartender was attentive and made tasty cocktails. I had the best armeretto sour of my life and that is one of the simplest drinks to make. The bartender elevated it with some OJ I think and asked what citrus I wanted with it (it usually comes with a cherry which is wasted by me). My husband's beers were well poured and he also enjoyed his jalapeno Paloma. We will definitely be going back.", 5, 1], "iVmdoWahDy1_WqLicBRxjw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "7/14/2015", "Popular. Try the \"in a jam\" cocktail, and the Irish tiramisu. Delicious! Probably the most worthy hangout in the neighborhood, from a grown-up's point of view. :)", 4, 2], "DvurAqdF4FcmEYHiRprJOQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "7/6/2015", "Real hot tots & good cold beer: visiting prof at Cornell just looking for a beer and something to eat after a long Monday of field research and engineering. Liked the look of big front window, historic vibe, and cat hit the last 15 min of happy hour. The chicken club sandwich special was fine but the really hot tater tots and Hoponius Union by Jack's Abby Brewing were great - especially with the people watching of others leaving campus as well.", 4, 0], "5R_-irnhNkPmNWZUTsKErg": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "6/17/2015", "Was up in Ithaca over the weekend for a race with my buddy, and we tried to relive our \"glory\" days of college with a pit-stop at the new Rulloff's. We ended up staying till closing time and did trivia night, which we didn't know was happening.The upstairs has been spruced up for sure, but Rulloff's looks to have kept much of the old furniture. Downstairs is more of the college bar atmosphere I remember, with a dartboard and large screen TVs for sports. I can imagine people getting pleasantly wrecked here when school is in session.There are good brews on offer (what a difference 15 years and a craft beer revolution make), and affordable cocktails at $7-8. They were decent, actually. We had deviled eggs, tater tots, and I had a chicken sandwich. Everything was above average, if not rising to ambitious \"gastropub\" levels.The staff is friendly--both ladies who tended bar during our drinking shift were pros. Hopefully they can build the crowds back up.", 4, 2], "_BclNj4bSgRRfXIDjD7chA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "6/7/2015", "Terrible Service. My friends and I were back for reunion. The service was incredibly slow and the head bartender upstairs was nasty to everyone who was trying to order drinks. It really made us feel unwelcome, so we left and did not go back afterwards. Hopefully the new management will get their act together eventually because this used to be one of my favorite places.", 1, 6], "bfG4zdNt98dyBPogk6xkkw": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "5/21/2015", "Service is terrible. Waited over half an hour at the bar for our table even though we could see it. Server took over 15 minutes to take our drink and food orders.", 2, 6], "OjjBV_TtlHYvO5DSX2EtlQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "4/25/2015", "Delicious meal. Tuna wonton appetizer was fantastic. Chicken pot pie and lamb burger were awesome. Great vibe. Great service. Go!", 5, 1], "1FN1DM7_lv0aBd2AOJRbQQ": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "4/8/2015", "I used to go to the old Ruloff's as a place to grab a casual bite. I admit that the food wasn't great, but it was a nice place to hang out. Now, I go to Ruloff's for the food. In fact, I crave the food. I went for lunch one day (they didn't have brunch yet!) and got the \"Cross the Road\". It was delicious. It was a bit too peppery, but aside from that fact, the chicken was not dry at all and was so flavorful. The bread was delicious, and the vegetables that topped the sandwich were the perfect combination. I got a salad with the sandwich, and I would recommend that just because they pair very well. The salad greens were fresh and light, which was what I wanted. The only complaint I have is that for the price I was paying, the portions were small. Also it was pricey for lunch. I also went for dinner. We got the tator tots (which were standard but good) and the roots (I forgot the name). I would recommend the roots; they were savory and the seasoning really brought out the natural flavors of the vegetables. For the entree I got the Ruloff's pie, which was very, very good. It was not healthy at all (so further reason to get the vegetables earlier), but it was the perfect blend of everything. Once again, I did think everything was overpriced because portions were small.", 4, 0], "A2lR4faj_UMSslFUt23RmA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "3/26/2015", "I went ahead and gave it 5 stars even though there were a few errors. The quality of the food made up for it. I have been on a few occasions and the things I got were so good I didn't want to try anything else. I got the lamb burger however I changed out the bleu and got ch\u00e8vre instead and added jalape\u00f1os. It was the best burger I think I have ever had. I also have had the short-rib poutine. So good, I now crave it. The only problem is the consistency. The second time I get the poutine it didn't have enough of any of the toppings for the amount of fries and so some ended up in the compost.", 5, 0], "r10mUs2edZy2BRpuYEWzVA": ["Yelp", " Rulloff\u2019s", "3/22/2015", "Went for dinner, I got their fried fish burger (the oarsman) and have tried their lamb burger (silence of the Lambs) before as well. Fish burger had some nice pickles and veggies which I liked but the fish itself was not too impressive (a bit oily IMO). The lamb burger however was top notch, very juicy and flavorful. You can pick your sides, I got fries and they were crispy and good(large portions too). One complaint I have is the pricing in their drinks, it's more than you would pay elsewhere in ctown. The waitress was friendly and was totally cool with taking her time to give recommendations when I first went.", 4, 2]}
{"GWytWk2P07WBtQU9Sur1CQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "12/23/2018", "Probably my favorite food truck EVER. I spent my entire freshman year at this place, especially for a midnight (or post midnight honestly!) snack or a quick to-go lunch. Everything tastes amazing here...there's literally nothing that I've tried that isn't super super tasty. The price for the portion size is also extremely reasonable, which I appreciate, as the other food trucks on this campus can't say the same. For $1, you can get the crispiest hash brown solo or in a burger. For $5, you can get a huge container of chili cheese fries (my fave). For maybe $6, you can get a giant bo burger or sub. Awesome place, 5/5, etc you get my drift.", 5, 0], "ccSwudXgAA-HN_2etInR1g": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "8/29/2018", "I wish I could give this place more stars. Every since I moved here Louie's has been a staple of my experience. The food is amazing but the interactions with the staff make the whole experience much more fulfilling.", 5, 0], "EdsYtmrXYbrXORryHkxa0w": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/10/2017", "I first had Louie's in 1998 when I lived across the street. It amazes me how nothing has changed in terms of quality, taste and ownership. It's still the same fantastic/feel good/stick-to-your-stomach/all-day/late-night/cheap-as-chips/irresistible food.", 5, 0], "vSsFLZY8HLWjR3qweIK_gQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "8/12/2017", "Louie's Lunch is great, and the service was fast and friendly. The drinks we ordered came out immediately and were very hot, perfect for a cold Ithaca day. The mozzarella sticks were my favorite thing, well fried and with tasty breading. I would go back any time of the day just for those mozzarella sticks. Great little truck!", 4, 0], "MXH2eziqwVoOlj87of43wg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "5/16/2017", "On Monday, February 27th, I had an all around delightful service experience at Louie's Lunch Truck. A reliable favorite, I knew that the food truck would be open at the late hour of 2:00 am. I felt adventurous when my turn to order came. I decided to switch up my usual order. The charming girl at the window dealt with my annoying questions about their Philly Cheesesteak on the menu for a few minutes before I decided on it. I asked her if it was good and she replied that she honestly hadn't had it but it always smelled great. She asked me what I wanted on it and clueless me had no idea. She proceeded to run though all of the toppings with me, never acting as though it was a bother. I decided, of course, to keep all of them on the sandwich. The cook prepared my order very quickly. The sandwich was exactly what I didn't even know I wanted. These two workers stood out as exceptionally patient and pleasant. The price was also inexpensive for what I considered to be an all around quality experience both in taste and hospitality. I recommend the Philly Cheesesteak, the service and the food truck in general to anyone looking for a convenient and satisfying bite to eat. I definitely plan on returning in the near future.", 5, 0], "RMnw8NAZpSpO4duhXhWILA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "3/15/2017", "Way better than the hot truck on west campus", 5, 0], "IO73drm-8JbHAfb1NzxMpw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "3/13/2017", "Not a one star place but today they gave me maven chicken cheese fries without the chicken AND THEY DIDNT ANSWER MY CALL", 1, 1], "yIfKT3QmybJPvL98_xXRmQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/3/2016", "I got a pizza burger and mozzarella sticks. They were both great, I devoured them within moments. The pizza burger was a patty with tomato sauce, pepperoni, and mozzarella. The peanut butter milkshake was also a solid decision. Would definitely get all of those items again!", 4, 0], "tDOHkIU8ka2w9-3fFYV9MQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/13/2016", "I came here on my birthday at midnight and I am mad about Louie. The mint milkshake was DAAAANK. It should be a controlled substance under DEA regulation 'cause it's so addictive. Please come here and buy them.For food, I had the kraut dog, which was aight. Not worth breaking my vegetarianism for .Service was prompt and friendly. No complaints.", 4, 1], "AwhkoQEvE7cAYgiCExwRrw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/5/2016", "So this was the first time I ever ate food from a truck. So expectations were kind of low to middling. Everything was once in a truck. Everything at every restaurant got there by truck. Everything at every store. Everything you've ever worn, sat on, every TV, every picture frame on your wall, was delivered at some point by truck. So why is it weird to just eat at a truck?Well it isn't anymore. Food trucks are a thing now, every city has dozens of them. So I was surprised at food truck #1 that they could produce fresh high quality subs and such. Good food. Usually a line, sometimes not a line. If there's no line, definitely stop there, even if you're not hungry. It's that good.", 5, 0], "Xz_lbEMj7Ff5Polj1V0LUA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "8/24/2016", "Louie's Lunch has consistently been one of the best value locations for greasy food. Though their lines and wait times may be long, you can avoid that by calling and placing your order ahead. There is a $5 (or $10?) minimum for credit cards (Discover/Visa) which is something to keep in mind. Highly recommend their milkshakes.", 5, 0], "OMCGJNCy9MLEjxUUFRKfmQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "4/28/2016", "Open really late, decent options, and relatively good prices. Louie's is a North Campus staple that a ton of Cornellians stop by for late night meals/snacks as a freshman or whenever they're on North for some reason!", 4, 1], "c99SRuqCSf2pXblWtwjS6Q": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "2/26/2016", "I am so surprised by the good reviews, customer service was good and if you are getting a burger/cheeseburger you can't beat the prices. However I had the phillysteak and the hot wings~ $15. Both were bad, I am sorry but very bad. Tasted like Walmart frozen wings, deep fried then drowned in Walmart hot sauce. The phillysteak the bread was not toasted and it was full of mayo (maybe for flavor?) just horrible. I feel bad because the lady was so nice but they should check youtube for quick recipes. Suck because it is very convenient, right on cornell and open late. Just go to commons ave if you want food with decent taste.", 1, 2], "_lSHAEXy2icO5keh21CGOQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "12/7/2015", "I hadn't been back to Louie's since living on North Campus but last night I had a serious greasy food craving so obviously Louie's was the answer. It was just as delicious as I remember! Definitely yet the chicken fingers, mozz sticks, or Cajun fries. Basically anything fried is a winner... Enjoy the freshman 15!", 5, 1], "T9TMXC_MVTxeyl1MkhJVuA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/22/2015", "I have nothing but the fondest of memories of many a late night at Louie's Lunch in college. I miss this food truck terribly, and would make the 4.5 hour ride up to Ithaca just to get their cheeseburger, Cajun fries, and peanut butter milkshake. Gonna have to do that soon as a matter of fact!", 5, 1], "ScqEW98ed70j3MBngVr9yQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "4/8/2015", "Surprisingly good food from a greasy old (now somewhat new) truck. Even though the quality of some ingredients isn't the best, what they add to it makes (sauces, chili, etc.) the food really taste good. Do not get the XXX sauce on anything. It's got just a little too much of something and it will destroy you Yankees. X and XX are just right and very tasty.One thing that would make Louie's better would be online ordering. They are sometimes too busy to take phone orders.Good brownies and cookies too.", 4, 3], "bZiZG7dGd78rerjEbKRmCA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "1/28/2015", "Louis' let my dog into their truck to warm up in the 0 degree night. Not only were they personable, but they cooked an incredible cheesesteak instantly! I'm from Philadelphia, and I assure you that Louis' has the only worthwhile cheesesteak in Ithaca.", 5, 3], "samdY8Ik4M_FLANJjOfkEA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "12/3/2014", "As far as greasy, convenient food goes, one can't really ask for much else. The offerings cover all late-night bases from \"bored of studying\" to \"bored of the terrible party occurring at Zeta Psi.\"Being from Buffalo, I consider myself pretty good at spicy food, and yet getting the maven fries at heat level XXX was deeply regrettable.  0/10 would not recommend", 4, 6], "KXjIY9bb_26zo6N-sn17vw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/4/2014", "Louie's Lunch is a staple in the Cornellian diet. This janky looking red truck across the street from the lair of the archies (aka Risley) comes with a cute doggie to pet outside while you wait for your food.Get the cajun fries, the double bacon cheeseburger, the mavin, or chicken parm. My wife and kids is also amazing for a breakfast sandwich.Also, it may sound really cool to be THAT guy and get the \"XXX\" hot sauce and try to be really manly as you crush it, the tears and the agony on the toilet afterwards is probably not worth the agony (*challenge accepted*).Miss this place...", 4, 2], "s8PJKuD7SxcmCfm6Q_eUVA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "4/27/2014", "Louie's is an amazing place. their double bacon cheeseburgers and cajun fries are among the best hands down. their cashiers are nice, and it is open until late :D. if you are down after a prelim, this is the best way to get of up from that. highly recommend 5 stars!", 5, 0], "k61lW4Gmd-LlSvBi_9zZaA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/6/2013", "I like their Philly steak, milk shake. And it's really a convenient place to get food for North campus. And it's nice they open during the day for lunch too. just the chef was mean to me and my friend once... and it's always a long wait for food...", 2, 2], "WZgQ0mgKEmSF51LHhfisIA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/2/2013", "I had such high hopes for this place.I was walking around Cornell and always wanted to try one of the food trucks. I ended up finding this one, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I was totally in the mood for a grilled cheese, so I ordered it. When I got it, however, the bread was REALLY burned. Like, the bread was completely black. But I mean, the cheese was good, I guess. I could have done a better job myself.However, I give this place two stars, because 1) the guys working the truck were really friendly. 2) I'd be willing to try another food item from this truck. Maybe grilled cheese just isn't their thing.", 2, 7], "ZgP7H3OMHLsmV7qdSGY0Pg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "8/2/2013", "The best food truck on campus. The cajun fries are a MUST. Good hamburgers, good cheesesteaks, good hot dogs. Not necessarily so good for the health--- but luckily, Helen Newman gym is right next door!", 5, 0], "SmDwrkaoEhyTOPWBMX7dcg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "5/23/2013", "My husband and I graduated from Cornell 12 years ago, and moved away from Ithaca, but occasionally one of us will still say, \"I could really go for a half-buf R,\" or \"A Tully burger would really hit the spot right now!\" We miss Louie's!", 5, 0], "goKCSDsm1Nquw1wUnpKW4Q": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "12/24/2012", "I always look forward to coming here when I run out of food in my room but think it's a little expensive for their subs which have literally only 4 to 5 small pieces of meat inside the bread. (A sub is about $7) So, I started getting their chicken fingers with a mix of bbq and hot sauce instead since I can skip the bread and have more meat while saving $2. The cajun fries are a little soggy but I still like them.Their milkshakes are so good, I definitely recommend them. A small is more than enough for me and only $3 or so.", 4, 3], "zNRimXZUQVVVAAQJj_765w": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/28/2012", "Ron runs the *best* lunch-truck on Cornell Campus.Good comfort food, super-nice staff, (full disclosure: Louie's has employed several dorm-mates & friends over the years), *great* late hours, convenient location. Hot-Truck ain't got nothing on Louie's Lunch.", 5, 13], "V_E5ZI9j6mnT0E8NLrIjYQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/4/2012", "Good subs, the Philly cheese steak is a little unorthodox. The Maven is a must-have. The special fries are extremely spicy, but tasty. Definitely a go-to for general late-night food.", 4, 0], "Dot4EXh2yQCp9BuUvrg4kw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "6/28/2012", "Great food at great prices. Pretty fast service . Try their pizza subs", 4, 0], "VULefJLwNFfO8MoWrgjz3Q": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "5/11/2012", "had like 2 chilli cheese fries everyday when i was a freshman. made me gain like 20 pounds in 2 months.... FML", 5, 0], "0KrKCVdsadZhqQJf1DllfA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "1/18/2012", "Man oh man, I have definitely enjoyed my experiences at Louie's. First visit was during freshman orientation and since then I've decided my favorites are:Peanut butter/chocolate ice cream milkshakeBuffalo chicken sub (I'm scared to try XXX, but get it as hot as you can stand)Grilled ham and cheese on wheat with hot apple cider (YES)Not sure you can really go wrong with much of anything here. It's good for drunk food, good for when you forget dinner, and good for when you're in between performances at Risley and Nasties is too far (and so subpar in comparison). But eat it sparingly or you'll have a heart attack.", 4, 0], "ekeqL8Am3CZEbf1QoLcRMw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/12/2011", "Best late night food. Been here many times. Central location. + Good food+ cheap Prices+ Pretty Fast and Reliable Try: Maven, double cheeseburger, philly steak, and any of the ice cream shakes.", 5, 0], "khGUAKTqFj0XVo_AZ7e6BA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "6/27/2011", "Being one of two grease trucks in Ithaca, you can't really expect much. Although the food is delicious and great for late night food it's definitely not the best I've ever had. I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to grab something for lunch or dinner. The place does have a pretty big selection and the employees are super nice! 3 stars for good food and quick friendly service.I suggest sticking to the non fried foods (besides the Cajun fries!) and get their burgers, phillies, or burger subs.", 3, 0], "WUVxZjcpZNMwe15xduiRWQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "4/19/2011", "Vanilla / Chocolate. Batman / Superman. Coke / Sprite. Louie's Lunch / Hot Truck. The presence of a choice does predispose a superior choice. That being said, there's something uncanny about the xxx buffalo chicken sub at Louie's Lunch; there may be nothing spicier known to mankind.", 4, 2], "9p5Q08KXQ0AdkjYXUGRAvA": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "2/23/2011", "I get the cheeseburger to fill my stomach (its fine - very standard cheeseburger, usually a bit overdone, inexpensive as such a cheeseburger should be). However, the main reason why this fine truck warrants five stars are their delicious french fries, which must have a secret ingredient (crack-cocaine? tears of angels?) to make them as tasty as they are. I prefer them plain, which bring out their flavor, although Cajun Fries are good too (the ones with the hot sauce are kind of nasty - the sauce is way too vinegar-y to be able to finish the whole bag). I've heard their shakes are good too.", 5, 3], "L4_YTqM5Z3fl4Y16VY4GCw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/16/2010", "Philly Cheese Steak, Chicken Parm, Cajun Fries, Hot sausage parm... I can go on but you get the idea. All the Louie's girls are friendly and hot and truly don't get enough tips for the amount of work they actually do on a busy Friday night (I would know, I go out with one of them). The owner, Ron is really friendly if you get to know him.Not sure of what to get? Ask and you won't be disappointed..", 5, 1], "BIs_We-VJkJr60MEA2URYw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "11/1/2009", "I'm cravin the maven! Formerly a secret menu item: a sub with chicken strips, buffalo sauce, melted cheese, bleu cheese dressing, BBQ sauce, lettuce, and tomato.The Natewich: bagel, fried egg, turkey, cheese, mayo, tomato.All the milkshakes rock. They can easily mix and match flavors, so go nuts.Call ahead, if you can. If they don't pick up, there's probably an atrociously long line, so man it up and walk down there.", 5, 3], "V8hbNOOqDNzt-Y2uDyaIqw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "9/28/2009", "We eat only one thing there - Cajun Fries .. actually 2 things with smoothies. I can't comment much about the burgers and other things they offer, but man those cajun fries alone makes me give them 5 stars!", 5, 1], "r5Vo3t_fa_CkpVXhEOFEZQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "7/13/2009", "MILKSHAKES:I used to ask them to combine the chocolate and peanut butter = Reese's Peanut Butter flavor. Divnie.BURGER:The best veggie burger (with all the trimmings and fluffy bun) I had ever found in Ithaca... though sometimes the mushroom texture reminded me of real meat.GRILLED CHEESE:Must eat quickly before the foil traps the moisture and makes the crispy grilled bread go soft. Quite yummy.SERVICE:Always friendly, all the time.LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION:... but even when that wasn't the selling point, I'd drive to it. Call-ahead option helped.LIke the t-shirts say:\"Doin' it in a truck since 19XX\"", 5, 3], "kmhZRybiJp-Kal849kPYJg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "5/12/2009", "Aside from their chicken parm, get their maven and their chai tea milkshake. Seriously. It's heaven in a drink. Get anything in a XXX sauce, and you'll thank me later as you breathe fire. You seriously will combust if you put the XXX sauce on them Cajun fries. Awesome.", 4, 3], "qqVAiiVVgJHjTkod2I9ESg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "1/10/2009", "Louie's has amazing food and great hours. They have the best Philly Cheesesteak in the WORLD. They can also customize your order (as long as they're not busy). You can pretty much get any flavor of milkshake you can think of and create your own sub if you're ambitious.", 5, 0], "KqEbVADMB5q4rtfVD3frhg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "10/31/2008", "Sometimes, when I was a freshman, I used to go to Louie's twice a day. They sell all kinds of delicious deep-fried crap that will make you gain a ton of weight and probably will take years off of your life. Everyone acts like Louie's and Hot Truck have this sort of east coast/west coast rivalry thing going on. It's not really the case. I mean first of all their menus overlap by like one item, and even then it's not really a similar item (Louie's \"pizza sub\" is nothing like a Hot Truck sub). Also freshmen rarely can find the hot truck and anyone who isn't a freshman doesn't really have a reason to be up by Risley. So the two coexist pretty peacefully. So onto the food. Louie's makes a mean hot sub, that's for sure. Chicken parm is the classic, it can't really get much better than how they do it. The meatball parm is great as well. The burgers are quite good (I like adding fried eggs to things, this makes a burger a Bo burger). Also try the buffalo wing sub, but please don't get the XXX sauce. Their fries are great and go well with everything, and, yes, the peanut butter milkshakes are indeed the best. Also my personal favorite was the monster pizza sub, which is a shell of what was at some point bread filled with about everything you can think of bound together with a ton of cheese. Delicious.", 5, 5], "60shWfKQ63OL1b2n6TLYDQ": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "6/28/2007", "try the meatball parm sub at louie's lunch and then tell me it doesn't deserve at least four stars. it's only about a dollar extra to get the whole size (12\") rather than the half (8\") but even back then i knew how to practice moderation. because getting the whole and planning on eating half for lunch and half for dinner would not have ever gone according to plan.", 4, 4], "8NwlSOszTRLcUAB2TzS_Dw": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "4/16/2007", "I used to live in the house right in front of/behind (?) Louie's, and so I'd stop over anytime I needed some fries. They have the best, crispy fries everrrrrrrrrr. Love them. Louie's used to be on my speed-dial. I used to get their subs for dinner on almost a weekly basis. HOLY CRAP I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THAT UNTIL I WROTE THIS!!!! Sigh, those were some good times. Any sub + fries + milkshake = PERFECTION. I recommend the peanut butter shake. Unless you're allergic. Then go with the classic vanilla. Can't go wrong with that. Unless you're lactose intolerant, but so am I - I just suck it up and bear with the pain because it's *that* worth it.And Louie's is great because it's open during daylight AND twilight hours, so you can satisfy your cravings at any hour of the day, not just at post-boozin night-times.", 4, 5], "mNCGBuds-M6ffl-_Yzx9Bg": ["Yelp", "Louie\u2019s Lunch", "12/13/2006", "Great place for a midnight snack", 3, 0]}
{"oeWxsdRR5WyIxP3TYMNvkg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/2/2019", "This place sucks! The food took over an hour to get out of the kitchen and was still cold (teriyaki and noodles). The sushi honestly tasted like it was in the fridge for a week before served to people. The prices are not worth it, especially with the \"included gratuity\". You're better off buying sushi at a gas station than coming here.", 1, 0], "eXB_ZYeIsp-Alat8jwwMiA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "1/26/2019", "Service was crap. Menu was misleading and as someone who doesn't eat raw fish, I thought that the \"all cooked maki\" would imply cooked fish. The fish was raw and they claimed that there was no possible way to cook it, which I think is bs. They did nothing at all to accommodate my needs. Didn't even say sorry, they were just like no. I've been to many sushi restaurants before and every one was able to cook raw fish for me without any issue.", 1, 0], "1LqFSQ8-1NQmO-wiT8-E6g": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "12/4/2018", "Don't ever order sashimi here. The tuna tastes like metal. Just stick to ordering the rolls.", 3, 0], "NDXwELJAsToU85SPewtJCQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "10/23/2018", "The pork katsu taste weird, and the seaweed in miso soup is not good. Also the service is very sloppy. Eel and avocado roll is not too bad.", 2, 0], "7Wd35Wz6Kt0JgoVofc_GQA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "8/31/2018", "Tommy, the chef, is AH-MAZING! Everything he made was incredibly delicious. He also came to us a couple of times to make sure we were happy and to offer us tips on how the Japanese traditionally eat the food (in terms of sequence). Also, the waiter was sweet and the ambience just perfect. I think I have found my favorite restaurant in Ithaca! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!", 5, 0], "ATfEa8KzK1TZRacHnFi0oA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "7/22/2018", "Visited here with my parents and my 3 year old daughter on a quiet Thursday night during summer time. The chef went out of his way to make our little girl happy, she loves sushi and he made her a special roll and chopsticks to practice with. Service was great and food delicious. We ordered mostly sushi, along with one noodles and tofu item. Would definitely go back when we are in town.", 5, 0], "ZXCaAXdh6XWBxdz-3cnoYQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "7/22/2018", "Standard, generic American sushi at inflated prices. Passable for Ithaca, wouldn't fly in any coastal city. That said, I'll take Miyake over Plum Tree, since the flavors and quality are predictable and consistent, if basic. Highlights: the eel avocado roll. The service. Disappointments: The tuna was stringy and tough. The prices tend to be steep. Coming on Tuesday or Wednesday for the 30% deal would bring costs down to a more reasonable range, but don't expect it to be an insane value: rolls come wrapped in a lot of rice, an old trick for making them appear larger.", 3, 0], "f9vkN66E04otH0fVUx5vNg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/7/2018", "-FoodI think it's hard to say whether it's good or not because some days it's really good and some days it's not. I had paradise roll, prince roll, Thailand dragon roll, and spider roll. Thailand dragon roll was good both times. However, the spider roll and the paradise were not that great the second time.- Service Service is also dependent on days. One day the server was very nice but on other day the server was unwilling to accommodate our simple request to have a cup of hot tea. Very finicky. I am not sure how I feel about it. -PriceMy advice would be to go on Tuesdays for any rolls. Honestly Tuesday 40% special is so worth it. If you want to try the spicy pork don, however, it doesn't matter which day you go because it doesn't go on any special deal. I highly recommend going with a few other friends and order multiple rolls and share. -OverallI don't particularly recommend this place except for the spicy pork don and Thailand dragon roll. However it's always good to give it a try.", 3, 0], "jVlJ8kmfxX0DR9PYIhg9yg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "1/8/2018", "Very few vegetarian options so I usually ordered the spicy yaki udon with tofu back when I was a strict vegetarian. Pretty oily but flavorful. In general this restaurant is a bit pricey for what you're getting. Pretty empty for earlier dinner times so it can be a nice, quiet place to eat.", 3, 0], "tT8dxc9asFLOUG2-Vpb3VA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "9/11/2017", "Stopped through on a road trip. Sushi was fresh and the usual garden salad with ginger dressing was the BEST! Large for a side salad and the dressing was perfection! Nice atmosphere, attentive staff.", 5, 0], "sJvPmBZklIbXg6W_yeVRVQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "6/27/2017", "Passable sushi, but four stars because of the service!While my friends and I don't love Miyake's quality, we understand it's pretty good for Ithaca and that their 30% off rolls on Tuesday deal is pretty bomb. Between me and a friend, we usually share 4-5 rolls or so, more if we're particularly hungry. Some rolls we've ordered on repeat are the crazy girl, golden gate, New York roll, and spicy roll combo. While the fish isn't particularly fresh, it semi-hits the spot when I'm craving SF Bay Area sushi. Up until now, this review sounded fairly subpar -- however, one time I went with my boyfriend and we ordered the spicy roll combo and three other rolls. They tend to serve the rolls on one plate if you're sharing, so the roll combo was on one plate and the other three on another plate. Halfway through the meal, I realized that one of the non-combo rolls was missing avocado. I notified the waiter and he took that entire plate away. I expected them to remake that single roll at most, however, they ended up remaking ALL three rolls on that plate. We had definitely eaten ~60% of that plate already. I rarely take home sushi leftovers, but we had to since they brought us back SO much food. While I was a fan of their Tuesday discounts to begin with, their ability to come back from that relapse in service really locked in my support for Miyake (and we made sure to leave a big tip!). It's not gourmet sushi, but the prices are solid and the service can exceed expectations.", 4, 0], "ukbxD4WwBeOiVtkX4J6SLw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "5/13/2017", "We had a reservation for 40 people. It was a little cramped but that's understandable. I ordered the OYAKODON but had to wait an hour and they messed up several orders. The dish was a decent size and very flavorful but drenched in way too much sauce. The waiters were very amiable though.", 3, 1], "gvJJeAvRrUoAFLXsFj0Q7Q": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "4/26/2017", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant's staff are among the most polite and caring servers in the Ithaca, New York restaurant location, and the food served in this restaurant is delicious. This restaurant provides affordable, quality food and drinks that will definitively satisfy customers. The restaurant plays very good music and is often a great spot where college students can hang out. The servers are always very attentive and happy to give customers the best experience. For example, this past year I decided to spend my birthday at Miyake. When my friends and I asked for the waiter to bring the check, she brought a free fried ice cream house treat along with the checks. Not only did this make me feel appreciative toward the restaurant's staff, but it made me feel nice since I had not asked for it. Such gestures made me feel like Miyake really values its customers, which has influenced me to come here a lot more often.", 5, 0], "A5p0vPwjx1C2SkBG-nkVUQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/14/2017", "We made a reservation here, but they didn't have a table for us. They stuck us in some back corner, sharing a table with other patrons. We then had to flag down a waiter just to get water and order. We then waited for an hour and twenty minutes, while continually asking for updates on our food and never getting a response. Finally, we walked up and asked how long it would be, and they said \"at least another twenty minutes.\" At this point, we paid for our drinks and left while the waitress made the excuse that it was busy, despite the restaurant being empty by that point. Would not recommend. This is also not the first time that this has happened.", 1, 0], "sG8OKdmEdE3ZDQfHI42r9A": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "1/5/2017", "A great establishment for getting together with a large group for date nights and special events, not so great for a sit-down dinner. In fact, the idea of going to Miyake for dinner seems rather unusual as it's so much better known as a place for college students to go sake bombing. The sushi here is NOT fresh, fish tasted warm and metallic... Their hot entrees are too heavy on sauces and are either too sweet or salty. I'd go to Plum Tree instead, or even better Sumo up near the mall.", 2, 0], "BCr2KJ-meKn7l1O3hlWipQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "5/6/2016", "One of my favorite restaurants in Collegetown! The Crazy Girl and Super Bowl are my favorite dishes, and the fish used seems very fresh. You can't go wrong with any roll you choose!The servers are nice and give good recommendations. Call ahead and make reservations if you have a larger party, as the restaurant can be busy.", 5, 1], "fE91RdZS_gvQz4gqpg9SVw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "12/11/2015", "Great food at a reasonable price. Above all, the ingredients are very high quality, and they don't skimp on the good stuff. I got the Sashimi platter, and each piece (9 total) was fresh and the size of a grapefruit section. This is the best sushi I've had since Morimoto in Napa Valley, and at literally 1/3 the cost.", 5, 0], "QoZ9Npoehbf4tbERUqBFIw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "11/1/2015", "Service was not fantastic -- took about 15 minutes for someone to get to us. They also only brought water for half the table, even though the place was not that crowded. Food wasn't particularly worth the wait.", 2, 0], "2_4eZp3TAmlpOO6ggM3EWw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "6/27/2015", "Sushi was terrible and the udon I had is the sane udon my friend had but the only thing is different is the side meat entree. Couldn't even call the udon Japanese. More like Japanese udon in Chinese soup broth", 1, 0], "Enm9-RfEzvo_Ldtr1ue2qg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "3/27/2015", "Terrible sushi! I thought Plum Tree was bad for the futile quest to find palatable sushi in Ithaca, but Miyake is worse. Rice is not sticky enough and fish tasted old.", 1, 0], "J-1Gg1K14ioP73FRxAhkjA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/2/2015", "I'll start off by saying that Miyake probably has the best sushi in Collegetown or downtown (and I've tried them all). The quality of their sushi is great and their entrees also come out hot and delicious. HOWEVER: the caveats are that the restaurant is always empty whenever I come in, though I only ever come in for lunch. There's a weird disinfectant smell on one side of the restaurant (the side without the sushi bar). And they are pricier than their competitors, meaning Plum Tree up the street. But if you want better sushi than Plum Tree, I'd recommend going to Miyake, particularly on their Tuesday nights for their 30% off specials.", 3, 0], "wiPgd5SglMa8FZH-yeLNCg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "9/24/2014", "I went to Miyake with twenty-two other people to celebrate a birthday over the weekend. They were busy, but the waiting staff found us a table and helped to provide a very pleasant dining experience. I think Miyake is a fine restaurant based on three things - its setting, service, and quality of food.Miyake is in a prime location in College Town. It is close to Cornell's central campus, making it a very popular restaurant for students. You can walk over, or even park your car by the side of Eddy Street. The inside of the restaurant is clean, warm, and cozy. The traditional Japanese d\u00e9cor enhances the dining experience, and the enormous sushi bar creates a very welcoming atmosphere. I went with a big party, and the waiting staff managed to seat us all around a pretty big table. Because of its two big dining rooms, the restaurant's layout can be suitable for both big and small parties. The heat from my Tempura Udon was making me feel a little stuffy so I felt like I could have used a little more space at the table where we were seated. But besides the space at our table, the setting and ambience of the restaurant is wonderful.The service at Miyake was excellent. For a party of our size, the waiting staff did an awesome job of managing our orders, requests, and dishes. Their punctuality and consistency was especially noticeable when they brought all twenty-two of our dishes out in a very timely fashion. The waiting staff constantly kept an eye on our table, and were available for us whenever we needed assistance.I ordered the Tempura Udon - Udon noodle with shrimp and vegetable tempura in broth - for $15.95. I thought the dish was delicious. The broth was very aromatic and the noodle was cooked perfectly. I also loved the presentation of all the dishes. The Oh My God sushi roll was wrapped in tin foil and was lit on fire when it was presented onto the table. But my noodles did not have the full, authentic flavor and taste of Japanese Udon that I have enjoyed in the past. Also, my Tempura dish did not come with Ponzu sauce, and the kitchen not have any Shichimi (Japanese chili pepper). But besides these minor downsides, the food was very fresh and everyone was satisfied with the quality of their dishes. At Miyake, the quality of the food relative to the price is great, and the reasonable prices of the dishes allow the restaurant to serve a wider range of customers. It is a fine restaurant with a wonderful venue, punctual and consistent service, and tasty Japanese food. Regardless of how many are in your party, Miyake is definitely a restaurant worth visiting. It is a restaurant with a positive reputation for its fresh ingredients and Sake bombs, and it has become a very popular dining destination for many Cornell students.", 4, 0], "IiYVzj0Hg-QDQZTaPa-3Hw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "9/23/2014", "Located in Ithaca, New York, Miyake offers some of the best and most Japanese dishes in town. The restaurant is indeed not cheap; however, considering the expenses the restaurant has to pay for the transportation of all the fresh ingredients to upstate New York, it is indeed not a bad deal for students who are tired of eating greasy pizzas, burgers, and fries. In addition, the quality of the food accounts for the price. Both the seafood and vegetables used in their dishes are fresh. Not only do they use fresh ingredients, Miyake is known to have some the best Japanese dishes in town making them one of the most popular restaurants among students. Due to such a positive reputation, Miyake currently supplies sushi to Mac's Caf\u00e9, located in Statler Hall, on a daily basis for Cornell students to enjoy a Japanese meal at a more convenient location. Not only does Miyake have fresh quality food, but it also has a variety of menu options. The restaurant offers a large variety of Japanese cuisine from sushi, rolls, udon, gyoza, to sashimi. Many refuse to go to restaurants with a wide range of menus believing that they don't provide quality food; yet, Miyake is different. With great cross utilization of ingredients, the restaurant offers a variety of quality gourmets that most people would enjoy. Some of the most famous dishes at Miyake include the Crazy Boy Roll and the Super Bowl. In fact, the Crazy Boy Roll is one of the most authentic dishes at Miyake where the crab and avocado sushi roll is fried and topped with savory thick soy sauce. On the other hand, the Super Bowl is a combination of assorted sashimi, lettuce, crunches, and Miyake's special sauce in a bowl creating an authentic Miyake style main course meal.Miyake not only excels in the food itself, but also in their level of service. The waiters seem to be well trained. When you first sit down at the table, the server will instantly serve you with ice water along with your menu. They also ask whether you would prefer a hot cup of green tea to melt down from the chilly weather of Ithaca. The food is then delivered about 10 minutes after ordering. When the food is served, the waiter brings over extra plates allowing you to share the food if you would like. Thus, the service at Miyake is quick and they attempt to serve any additional needs before you ask them.In addition to the great service, the d\u00e9cor of the restaurant enhances your dining experience. Miyake is not the top-notch restaurant with fancy decorations. However, the simple red and wood tone colors and the sushi bar incorporated offer a cozy traditional Japanese look and feeling. For those who place an emphasis on the sanitization of the restaurant, all the tables are wiped and the bathrooms are clean for use. Indeed, Miyake isn't a flawless restaurant. In fact, they did have some minor issues with the order in which they serve food and the saltiness. For instance, Miyake once served the main dish before the appetizer--not the best choice a restaurant could make. Yet, such mistakes could have been a one-time occurrence. One of the long-term problems of Miyake would be the saltiness of the food. Some of the plates such as the Spicy Yaki Udon and Super Bowl seemed overly salty. Especially for student from the millennial generation who attempts to eat healthier, such salty dishes are not the best attractions. Despite these minor drawbacks, Miyake is the restaurant to visit as it offers some of the best quality and fresh Japanese dishes in town along with appreciable service and menu variety.", 4, 0], "2YMYC7BdOhxZNSZGD_r9Og": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "4/14/2014", "I only come here on Tuesdays cause they have specials for their sushi. The sushi itself is pretty good but the service I've experienced has been terrible at times. When it re-opened, I had to wait nearly 2 hours before they gave us a small plate of edamame on the house. I was ready to walk out the door...Anyway, they have some pretty good rolls, such as their lion king roll. And their fried ice cream is also very delicious and a nice treat at the end of the meal. Convenient location in Collegetown for Japanese and it's better than Plum Tree in my opinion.", 2, 4], "gYxnLUnjSEYBduLeYETirA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "8/28/2013", "Having just moved here and didn't know anyone in town at the time, I just went to the first restaurant that caught my eye while wandering around my neighborhood. Probably should have wandered around some more...Since I was eating alone, I didn't want to go for sushi. I spent all day shopping for stuff to fill my apartment and didn't want to spend that much more money on their overpriced rolls. I went for the nabeyaki udon. It was expensive too for udon, but at least it beat getting two sushi rolls and still feeling hungry after. Turned out the udon wasn't that great either - noodles were kinda tough and I was going through it and was wondering why there was no chicken. It turned out it was just one small piece buried at the bottom underneath all the vegetables.Also, the place at the time was packed with students returning to campus and meeting up, and they were all doing sake bombs. It was like each table took turns doing them so every two minutes a different table would start and you would hear them banging their tables and their drinks splattering. It's just very disruptive. Plus it seemed like the wait staff cared more about refilling their drinks than serving the few other tables in the place, especially mine since I was just eating alone.", 2, 1], "_q5DQW_Au2SsBdQRCWyQIg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "8/13/2013", "Miyake was my one and only experience eating sushi in Ithaca. Sushi is my favorite food and I found myself preferring to drive to Wegman's for supermarket, pre-made sushi than to go to one of the sushi restaurants in Collegetown after trying Miyake.The rice was hard. There wasn't much fish and the fish that was in the roll wasn't good quality. And on top of that, it cost me ~$13/roll which compares to good specialty rolls in bigger cities. Lol...Our waiter was nice though. Unfortunately, not enough for me to ever want to go back. Go to Wegmans.", 2, 3], "u6o3Kv8y7MWjD5HSrLdP3Q": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "7/9/2013", "I went to Miyakes and ordered a customized roll to suit my religious needs. I ordered a fried cucumber avocado roll without any fish because I am vegetarian. When they served it to me it was served on a plate that contained salmon therefore i could not eat the sushi. I tried to talking to workers and they said i had to pay for the sushi that i couldnt eat and couldnt replace it. Overall it was terrible experience because i had to pay for a 6 dollar roll that i didnt even eat.", 1, 3], "IgJGoSjT7Qzsl8OQF_x-Rg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "6/3/2013", "The Oh My God roll comes out on fire! I don't mean it's spicy, I mean it's literally lit on fire - wrapped in tin foil and served flaming. When I saw it on the menu, I thought it was just gimmicky. But after ordering and tasting it, my mind is changed -- the char flavor of the fish really complements the rest of the flavors, and I am not usually a fan of baked rolls. Their sake bombs are pretty large, large enough for light weights to share amongst two people. This said the place is expensive, and the quality is just OK, but they get a sympathy star for being in Ithaca, a place with no great sushi restaurants.", 3, 4], "NnNmho9ezxSFf0QIqDm7EA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "3/7/2013", "Both sushi and kitchen food are always delicious in my experience. If the service is a little slow, as other reviewers have mentioned, this is simply because there are limited sushi chefs and orders can become a bit backed up. If you come on a weekday, it is pretty unlikely that this will be an issue, since fewer people come in than on weekends and there are fewer orders to suck up time. If you do come on a weekend and are crunched for time, a good tip is that kitchen food tends to be finished faster than sushi bar fare. Coming for lunch any day is sure to cut the wait time dramatically. The Super Bowl, crazy girl roll, and OMG roll are all incredible sushi options. For kitchen food, Katsu Don is my favorite. Miyake makes a noticeable effort to have a wide variety of vegetarian options available, and there are plenty of great choices in both sushi and kitchen food. In terms of sake, Miyake has great options including the ever-fun Sake Bomb. Plum sake is my favorite. And since these involve no cooking, you will never wait for drinks!The only reason a subtracted a star was for waiting time-- which is really only an issue because the popularity of the restaurant creates a great many orders. I definitely recommend Miyake.", 4, 0], "pinhTZo5NiV4w3RdIcx0tw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "1/20/2013", "Miyake definitely has its highs and lows.Highs: Miyake has an extensive list of sushi rolls; for an experience, I highly recommend the \"Oh My God! Roll\" which arrives on fire! Its quite expensive, but its fun to get it one time. For a less expensive but equally delicious option, try the Lion King, which has a really bright lemon flavor. The tempura ice cream, reminiscent of a Mexican fried ice cream, is a delicious end to dinner that I highly recommend. Lows: The service is painfully slow. If you are with a group of friends pounding back saki bombs and having a grand-old time, this probably won't be a problem for you, but if you show up to the restaurant starving you are probably going to end up a little grumpy. Speaking of saki bombs, don't go to Miyake on a Friday or Saturday night due to the high concentrations of fraternity students yelling \"SAKI SAKI SAKI BOMB!\" that tends to kill the atmosphere of a quiet dinner.", 2, 0], "gyI6oov50QoSOAnejKqduA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "1/8/2013", "My review reflects \"sushi roll discount tuesdays\" which means 30% discount on all sushi rolls. Only then does the price reflect something that is semi appropriate for what you are getting. Problems: Fried sushi can easily be overfried and thus taste like complete shit. Non sushi rolls are pretty horrific. So if you can only get sushi rolls then yes, go on a tuesday, get 2 rolls which will come out to about $20 and be satisfied with an average meal. If you try anything else...well, good luck.", 3, 0], "hEfDJ0MYcBXIkgr6saynOQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "10/2/2012", "Only go to Miyake's if you have the entire day to spend waiting for a mediocre at best meal. I went with two friends and ordered at exactly 7:30PM. 20 minutes later, the waitress came up to us and said our food was next in line and will be out in a few minutes. 10 more minutes pass, and my food (Nabeyaki udon) finally, comes out (which was just OK and much worse than that of Plum Tree or Cafe Pacific). My two friends were still waiting for their food and eventually got their rolls a total of 50 minutes later. I literally could have driven to the asian mart, got the ingredients, and cooked it myself for much better, cheaper, and faster. If it was just the wait time, I would not be as disappointed in this restaurant, but they served me my food 20 minutes before my friends got theirs. By waiting for them, my udon got completely cold. What was even MORE upsetting was that there were large groups that came in way after us but they got their food first. The waitress herself even admitted that the manager wanted to make sure all the larger groups were prioritized. Obviously, this restaurant does not care about the satisfaction of the customers unless they're large groups, who will likely leave them more tip and money. The only reason I give this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 is because I didn't get food poisoning (yet).I am never coming back here again. I hope management cares enough about their restaurant to read these yelp reviews and actually fix their problems.", 2, 10], "lC87cSyKVqC2TkmJkCllFg": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "9/21/2012", "My friend and I got dinner to go, we each got 2 rolls. They were relatively well made and well-rolled, the spicy sauce was yummy. They could've been less stingy with the soy sauce, and tuna in the Osaka roll. Also, Jae the waiter is the best! Also pricing is relatively on par with plum tree, slightly cheaper in some areas.", 4, 0], "pbxHXPSjcw50c5cm2nxv7Q": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "10/27/2011", "Meh. Expensive and not that great. Worth is if someone else is paying but the sushi is very hit and miss.If you want good sushi go to NYC or SF, but if you are stuck in Ithaca they may be able to sate your cravings.Tuesdays is 40% off some of the menu.", 2, 1], "vyQuYS1C8oj3wU98TEV9hw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "7/13/2011", "Pretty much like Plum Tree. Pretty good food but a bit overpriced. Once they did not put our ice cream cake in the fridge, and when they gave it to us it all melted. They insisted they put it in the fridge, but then how did it melt?", 3, 5], "ThGzkdflEscKWxTwknEzzw": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "6/20/2011", "I have eaten here twice so far, and am so impressed. I love Japanese food and have pretty high standards for the items I tend to order, as well as for service. I am a vegetarian, so vegetable sushi and tofu/vegetable dishes are things I tend to look for. Both of the servers I had were polite, fast, and accommodating. On my first visit, I ordered a tofu teriyaki bento box, and when I asked for vegetable-only tempura and avocado roll instead of California roll, the waiter said yes without any hesitation. The tofu was perfectly cooked- not mushy or jello-y, but not too hard or chewy- and the teriyaki sauce was PERFECT. The bean sprouts were also a standout, I think they were seasoned with sesame, and they were delicious. The thing that motivated me to write a review, though, was my second visit. When my friend and I asked to have our food wrapped up, our takeout bag was equipped with a new container of tempura sauce and a new bowl of rice. I've never had a server think of that before, and was so impressed. It's a little thing, but it struck me as so considerate. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice, laid-back and elegant place to eat. I would really encourage vegetarians to try this place, as well. The menu denotes which items are vegetarian, and they all look great.", 5, 0], "rT6lJiCYMekrOGcXf-gsiA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/23/2011", "This restaurant is a good sushi restaurant. It has a good selection of rolls (each roll is 8 pieces). The service was good, when we had it (we were there on a Saturday night, when the restaurant was packed). The prices are about the same as your average NYC sushi restaurant, which means they are a bit pricey for Ithaca, especially for the main courses (Udon noodles for $14/$16 is a bit much). However, there are not so many options in the Ithaca area, and the sushi is good. Nothing fantastic, but it hits the spot for sushi. The fried tofu appetizer was especially good - our appetizers came up incredibly fast, given the amount of people we had, and also the much longer wait for the sushi, although our waiter was very professional and let us know of the back-up with the sushi-makers (the waiter was probably a Hotel school student, given his professional demeanor). I would go back again next time I want sushi.", 3, 0], "thyn71vEpJkFe91yYVarDQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "12/12/2010", "This place is definitely not worth going to, even for 30% off sushi unless there is nobody else in the place. That may mean they can keep up with the orders. It took us 3 hours to get food on a Tuesday. If a place is so backed up, why do they continue to seat people, rather than tell them there is a 20 wait and not seat us? That would have given us the option to stay and wait or go to Plum Tree, a great place just up the road. The sushi was good once it came. But the worst part of it all (well there are several) they offered edmame to tied us over during the wait, and then charged us. They told us Tuesdays they were always understaffed and it's always busy and a long wait (hire more people then!). And they very thoughtfully brought ice cream since it was my birthday. They even brought 2 because there were 7 of us. But then, they charged us for both of them! Not only was it poor service, an awful atmosphere in the back room, but they can't even apologize correctly. Don't go here. Asia Cuisine, Plum Tree or the one on Aurora Street are all way better!", 1, 3], "1xqKVdlZLH3hatAy_HM1sA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "12/10/2010", "I'm writing this review, still sitting at the table waiting for my sushi to arrive. It has been three days. I have long since digested my own stomach, and three of my dining companions have died of starvation. Waiters keep popping into the room, looking at us, but no one offers an explanation for where our food is, or when (of if) we will ever receive it. And so we wait......Ok, it wasn't THAT bad, but it was close. We came here for a birthday celebration dinner, which ended up lasting four hours, thanks to the slowest service on the planet. The waitress serving us was very nice and friendly, but she returned to the table every 20 minutes to tell us it would be another 20 minutes for our food. Nearly three hours later, we finally got to eat.What's even worse is that no apologies were made, no discount offered. In fact, the waitress offered us Edamame to help tide us over and she even charged us for that! A token discount would have made a big difference. My group was extremely polite, all things considered, and yet the manager stayed hidden behind his computer the entire night (one waitress told us he was too busy \"typing\" to see us -- really? REALLY? Typing what? A facebook status update? \"Wow - the restaurant is really busy tonight and we are waaaaaaay behind in our orders.\")If you do go, and are prepared to wait, make sure you're not seated in the back room. We were, and the heat was cut off about an hour after we arrived. It slowly got colder... and colder... and colder... until all of us were wearing our winter coats and scarves.Needless to say, I'm not returning here ever again. And you shouldn't either. Take 15 steps up the hill and visit Plum Tree instead.", 1, 35], "vrQr2914ajw228lSrbCRnQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "11/17/2010", "Yeah... not too great, not too bad. If you're craving sushi though, well... you're stuck between here and Plumtree. Miyakes is definitely much better. Tuesday has 30% off sushi rolls only, not their entire menu. Watch out for that.However, I love the Superbowl and Hwe Dup Bap... agh woe is me. Why can't I get that stuff 30% off. I live with the pain. If you're looking for decent sushi come here. It's definitely super pricey, but what kind of sushi isn't? The service isn't bad and the atmosphere is pretty chill and nice.", 3, 3], "-xHbK63wNPepalLG-093UQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "8/30/2010", "Sort of yum...This is place is okay. It has decent sushi and decent other Japanese dishes but it's pricey. They have some creative rolls based on Cornell and Ithaca and whatnot as well as typical, normal rolls.They do have specials on certain days, which can help you out.I gave it 2 stars because it's really nothing to write home about and I believe they had their liquor license suspended multiple times for serving alcohol to underage students. Experienced one or two instances in which we were told that they weren't allowed to serve liquor for a few months and so we couldn't have any sake with our meal! Staff is friendly and helpful though.Ambiance is okay though, I suppose. Mood lighting makes it an okay place to bring a date.", 2, 8], "tLiwLx229lHLUb1wFUyuNA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "6/27/2010", "I really enjoy Miyake's. I usually order the Crazy Girl sushi. I can't say I'm a fan of the fried ice cream. I've definitely had better and I wouldn't order it twice. The waiters are pretty friendly and the environment is pretty nice. It can get loud occasionally what with sake bombers but I'm a college student so I'm not too bothered by noise. Maybe not the best place to bring the family at night around the weekends or Valentine's Day (from my experience)--though the seating by the register is always pretty quiet. There's also metered parking on the street.My friend got the chicken teriyaki and she was not at all a fan. It's been my experience that sushi restaurants usually make bad teriyake so I usually avoid those types of dishes but I would definitely recommend trying their sushi. The prices are fairly reasonable and one order is pretty large and filling, especially if you get an appetizer. Their tempura appetizer is good but lacked the variety I was looking for. Still one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca though.", 4, 1], "fSjGrjfpvK1n3ChThGH3FQ": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "5/23/2010", "My house mates and I have only recently started frequenting Miyake's, as a result of their Tuesday 30% off sushi specials. It's a fabulous deal when you're fervently craving for some quality sushi at a slightly discounted price! Since there are many rolls, makimono, and sushi a la carte to select from, I recommend getting some of their specialties, which are usually cooked but packed with flavorful, quality ingredients. My favorite combinations ranges from the Phoenix Roll with the Avocado Roll to the Crazy Girl with the Seaweed Salad Roll. The Spicy Pork roll is quite unconventional and yummy as well. Waitering service is generally quite attentive and satisfying. Most of the waiting staff is very friendly. Don't come too famished on a Tuesday night, however, if you can't endure the lengthy wait between ordering and getting your food. Other than that, service leans towards tolerable.", 3, 0], "Ilb7mr6zJw5cCJy2xYsObA": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/26/2010", "I'd actually make this a 3.5 stars instead of 3, since Miyake is my go-to Japanese restaurant in Ithaca. I haven't yet found a place I like more. The only real negative feedback I can give is that the service is a bit slow (but it's because there are a limited number of sushi chefs who make all the presentations). Now, onto the good stuff.1) The service is very friendly. Even though they're slow with the food, the servers are not slow with the drinks. Keep 'em coming.2) Speaking of drinks, the sake is quite good. There is this a great deal for tasting five different kinds of sake. The Moonstone plum sake is my all-time favorite. Sure, it's a little sweet, but it goes well with the sushi and I think that's what counts. Cheers!3) On a similar topic, it's probably the only place in the area to really go sake-bombing! Enough said. 4) Good food. I like their generous helpings and fair prices. The bento boxes always leave me happily stuffed. A small note: the negimaki can be a little tough, so I suggest steering clear or making it known that you know it get be dry and they should take extra care with it. And I am in LOVE with the Superbowl. They even let me substitute the whitefish (not my favorite) with more tuna and salmon (definitely my favorites). Most places don't let you. Their chirashi is good too. In fact, most of their sushi tastes relatively fresh. Like I always say, even if most sashimi has seen the freezer before reaching my plate, I don't want to taste their journey. Miyake has the freshest tasting sushi in the area, albeit it still can't compare to sushi in the cities. Miyake also has good vegetarian options! Most sushi places don't. Huge plus if you have vegetarian friends. Overall, good place to go. I definitely enjoy it.", 3, 3], "1c_qOTq63TH4oOU4x7Ly9w": ["Yelp", "Miyake Japanese Restaurant", "2/4/2010", "Miyake has two/three sushi chefs preparing all of the sushi as you enter. This explains the slow service for the 30-50 patrons especially with 30% off on sushi on Tuesdays. This would ordinarily be fine though the waitstaff ought to take a look at: tinyurl.com/yfwvrpy to make things a little less awkward. Last time, we listened to The Beatles for the entire meal.It seems Miyake was once a quaint, single-width restaurant with a small sushi bar on Eddy Street. It has expanded its seating and is now struggling to deal with the higher capacity.To get seated, you may have to squeeze by the host's wife adding wasabi and ginger to the plates on whatever table space she can find. Your water will come in a tiny glass that will constantly be refilled by any of the 7+ waiters all dressed in black. You will have to fight them off mid-conversation to prevent your half full Sprite from becoming refilled with water.The sushi is standard. Good quality ingredients with okay construction. Great quality ginger. Go on a birthday to get the Oh-my-God roll which is incredible.See the Plum Tree yelp for another choice in Collegetown.Overall, a safe bet though slow.", 3, 2]}
{"0w8wP8zmKLJlLihkOy_PwQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "2/4/2018", "Best value in collegetown for a lot of food, a decent variety of vegetables, meat, and soup slathered in flavor. Kind and instant service, generous portions, free soup with two entrees. Highly recommend; surprised that there isn't a longer line out the door.", 5, 0], "bW-Bghl8UnvNWXTj0epRUw": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/4/2017", "Stir fry veggies and Chinese BBQ pork w/ a lot of rice for dinner. Flavors are good, but the texture needs improvement. The pork are completely dry out, supposed to be soft and tender. The soup tastes pretty good", 3, 0], "lKcqak4vH_XNL4X8QPXEIg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "8/27/2017", "Not the place I would go to if I wanted to have good thai food. So there are many entrees kept on display and you can choose from them. I went for the eggplant with tofu curry and spicy chicken which they serve with white rice. Chicken didnt seem fresh at all while the tofu gravy was alright. I also ordered a thai iced tea which didnt suit my palate well.", 2, 0], "0SyY466_W1jKZY-Hucrt0g": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "5/28/2017", "Food is okay, but affordable. Didn't like the service and not sure if I would consider going back there.", 3, 1], "sCoBbFuhrBSA0Vn24HlUsw": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/30/2016", "As long as they keep their price for 1 dish, rice, and soup at $5, I'll keep coming back! I love the spicy chicken and the pork chop.", 5, 0], "PuOaXMn3mbbd9QbCzkvhNA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/14/2016", "Little Thai House is literally the best deal in collegetown for takeout speed & value. Sure, there are slightly fewer options than apollos but the prices are lower and there's no credit card minimum. A few comments on the food:-black pepper pork chop: usually on the salty side and definitely has its fair share of bones-green curry beef; most of their beef dishes are made with brisket or some other cut that has a bit of connective tissue. if this is your thing, it's super delicious-fish: never the freshest thing, would recommend skipping-chicken dishes; most of them are some kind of diced, fried chicken. The coating isn't too thick usually and is a good deal for protein-red curry; two issues with their curry. One, the potatoes are often a little undercooked to the point of having a bit of a bite to them. Two, the red thai curry chicken is often very sweet.", 4, 1], "Ql8j_lg6oes2CcVZy0eeig": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "6/14/2016", "The food here was not served on Styrofoam dishes when I went, possibly because it was during the summer and business was slow. The pad thai was reasonably priced, portions were large, and it was pretty good. The service was extremely fast as well.", 4, 1], "MkOhtHp7KPjoUMw-Gr_KtQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/5/2015", "The pad thai was not very pad thai like. What should have been like a peanut butter flavor, it tastes more sweet and sour to me. It was a bit disappointing. Their red curry chicken was slightly better, but it still didn't taste very authentic.The good thing about it was that the portion sizes were very large and it was at an affordable price. It's good for starving college kids on a budget.", 3, 0], "5PpwW1lAlAZDD1iQOvhXnw": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "8/30/2015", "Every restaurants have their target groups. If you are looking for a nice, fancy restaurant or want to experience a real, authentic Thai food, this is not a place to go to.As a university student, I think the food here has all elements of a good college students' food: cheap and fast. I got beef/tomato curry and red coconut curry with chicken. They were great. I'll definitely come back and try other menus. Nice ambiance, friendly server. Overall, a 4-star restaurant for college students.Edit: I went to Little Thai House for dinner a couple more times and found that the food quality was not consistent. They never served my favorite beef/tomato curry again. The red coconut curry with chicken was not as delicious as the first one I had. The potatoes were somewhat undercooked. Less meat and more vegetable, hence the review readjustment to 3-star. It's still a good place for a busy college student to come for a quick dinner.", 3, 3], "boTgOBxqSxSteXJLi7R-fA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "4/7/2015", "Can you go below one star? The pad thai tastes very similar to what I imagine cow cud tastes like. The chicken thing I ate probably was never a mammal.", 1, 2], "6uzgA5-bUfwl9PQ59TBUqg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "2/17/2015", "The food is okay, but it's served on Styrofoam. Can't you splurge for paper plates? or reusable plates? The main thing though, is the lady that is always at the desk just doesn't want to be bothered by people coming in and ordering food and handing her money. She too busy standing there watching tv to be distracted by customers. As a person coming in there, I feel like I'm burdening her and she doesn't want us to be there.So we won't.Brown rice would have been nice.", 1, 1], "GKv4tdJCIUckL1UDreKKzQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/9/2014", "Inexpensive. Only 3 options for vegetarians. No menu, only set options. Terrible service.", 1, 0], "uOliLAJFe3HPZ6uogh-oeA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/7/2014", "Not bad for the price.I went in to pick up take out for lunch. You walk up to the little food counter and tell the lady which sides you want and you'll be out of there in no time! I went ahead and got 3 sides for $7.75 (they also offer 2 sides for $6.75) and got the spicy tofu, red chicken curry and the pad thai. The curry was pretty bad, though I'll admit I've never had Thai curry before so it might just not be my thing. The tofu was okay, though a bit saucy. The pad thai was tasty, but I don't think it contained anything but noodles, bamboo and the occasional bit of scrambled egg and onion. Overall, I'll give them a 5 for convenience, a 3 for the food and a 3 for the price (not worse or better than the options in Collegetown). Would probably not go back unless I felt adventurous and Apollo was too packed. You get exactly what you pay for, don't expect authentic Thai / Chinese food for something so quick and cheap.", 4, 0], "An4MF5xPN9gdDgvj0xZRTg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/22/2013", "I went there only once because you had only limited choices of cuisines. Too sweet and too strong. You could choose 2 or 3 items but it would be ended up like three exactly the same thing!", 1, 0], "CvpOrohDoDQw2FmSSULVZQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/7/2013", "Food is bad compared to the Thai in town, but it was palatable enough. I tried the pad thai and chicken red curry, the pad thai was the better of the two options. The curry was pretty horrible, especially the potatoes. Anyways the reason I gave it 4 stars is the price. Even though the food is not special you can get a whole lot of food for $6.25.", 4, 1], "2gTI8yY4NYzgSOiQvb0JLA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/4/2013", "I'm not really sure why they chose to advertise themselves as a Thai restaurant. Most of the dishes, at least when I went, were Chinese. There were two curry items available but I wasn't really in the mood for curry (I was actually hoping to try the pad thai but it wasn't available) so I just went for the Chinese items.It's a really cheap place to eat - for $6.25 you can get a plate of rice with two items. I went for the spicy tofu and the black pepper porch chops. Food wasn't bad either but the sauce from both items together on the plate mixed together and formed a little pool which drenched all my rice.It's also really fast and perhaps would be good for takeout. Maybe I'll drop by more often to get quick lunch between classes since it's so close to the engineering quad.", 3, 0], "UsraSyAYNQYxguR3mYGdrA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "12/24/2012", "Cheap and delicious - the best combination in my book. For $6.95 you get an entire bowl/carton of rice and your choice of 1 or 2 entrees they have and for an extra dollar, you can get 3 entrees. (It all comes out to be the same size though, it's just a difference in the variety of food) Some of their dishes ARE chinese, like their beef and broccoli, and eggplant with tofu, but the other ones are typically thai, like yellow curry chicken and pad thai. Everything I've tried is is almost always on point (sometimes the meat can be bland but for $7, I won't complain), and I usually like to vary in what I choose as my entrees each time I come in. Although I've never gotten their beef and broccoli (too safe and familiar) or their pad thai (it looks a little sad and limp everytime I go in). Also, I love their coconut rolls which although a little pricier than I'd like (the lady behind the counter literally just walks over to the fridge and takes out 1 roll from probably a less than $10 bag full of a 100 rolls and brings it into the kitchen and puts it into the fryer and charges me $1.50 for the one roll) is still great to try if you happen to stop by. The basal rolls are also good, but not my favorite. You need the side sauce to make it taste good which is a marker of not the best food for me.You can sit down or take it to go, and there's no need to tip if you stay. Just clean up after yourself and leave. It's cheap, easy, and convenient, and they can definitely count me as a faithful customer for as long as I'm a college student.", 4, 1], "aXHk-RDjocaqSD2Mv6avEQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/30/2012", "This place makes me feel like I'm having lunch in Asia. Why don't more restaurants do this? I love the simplicity and the straightforwardness of the cafeteria-style service without the utter grossness and sickness of a buffet. You go in, you name your size (number of dishes you want on your plate) and you pay, take a cup of water and some sauces then you go and eat and you bus your table and you're out in 20 minutes. BAM! The food selections change infrequently so that's kind of boring but comforting and they are hot and good. The kitchen is shared with the sit-down restaurant next door (and the one next door to that, and to that, etc.)The ambiance is nothing to speak of but it is real. Give to the March of Dimes while you're there, the display is practically the sole \"decoration\". The service is amazing if you want to get your food and be left alone. All that and not unfriendly, like it is at some Thai restaurants in this town. Try it.", 4, 1], "KINaFVaXSf-PPIf1vGCmFA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "3/30/2011", "Little Thai House gets 500 stars from me. Ok... so maybe some of that is nostalgia. But I went back this weekend after 6 years, full of trepidation that it wouldn't be as good as I remembered, now that I've eaten at many many Thai places - and it did not fail to deliver. Still my favorite Thai food ever. Somehow Ithaca (here and Thai Cuisine as well) knows how to make pad thai better than anywhere else I've been. I always get 2 items, pad thai and yellow curry, and they are both crazy delicious. I could eat them every week (and used to when I lived here :) ). The prices are extremely reasonable for a HUGE amount of food. I wish they still had the crushed peanuts, but that's minor.My only complaint - Ithaca and Little Thai House are 6 hours away from me!!!", 5, 7], "DhnJ0N8aQrOADWkn6nA5Ig": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "11/11/2010", "In my department, us graduate students jokingly refer to this place as \"Depressing Little Thai Hose\" or \"Little Depressing Thai House.\" Whatever you call it, eating this cheap, low quality, heating bin Thai food is depressing. It reminds us of the fact that we have little to spend and not much time to eat before we hobble back to our offices/labs at Cornell to continue our work. This food is down right bad thai food, but it serves its purpose, filling the stomachs of poor students as quickly as possible at a price they can afford.Bad Thai food is still reasonably tasty compared to other poorly executed cuisines, so as bad as this place is, it's kind of good in a raunchy sort of way, and the renovations do look nice (unfortunately there were no renovations made to their recipes). For how bad this place is, I still go back quite frequently. I think I'm probably addicted to the sugar in their food and the low price.The spicy basil chicken is decent and I almost always get the Pad Thai here, but this is not to say its any good, I just like noodles. All the curry dishes are watery, and bland. Some of them literally taste like a mixture of water, coconut milk, and salt. I'm not sure what makes them green, red or yellow, but whatever it is, it is not contributing anything to the flavor. They no longer have peanuts to add to your dish, the prices are no longer less than the Chinese place down the street, and the service can be pretty bad.", 2, 6], "gcoIfJRUE9XsGcygCFr0jA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "8/2/2010", "I've been eating here on average once every two weeks for 3 years.My weak spot is fed by it being the cheapest place to grab a lunch in college town and that you can put as many peanuts as you desire on top. The smiley bag doesn't hurt. After trying everything, I think I've only ordered the red curry chicken in the last 6 months, fairly tasty.However, my favorite chick who used to give you a good helping for the single item stopped working there and since the portions are just smaller with no extra sauce to flavor the rice. Cheap as it is I don't want to pay a dollar a sliver of chicken.I know it's not the highest quality and maybe this happening twice in three years isn't bad - I have the second tummy ache/indigestion this place has given me.It's student food.", 2, 0], "KhqdOGNI-oT_VjFhuAHOFQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "7/26/2010", "Don't eat here. My friend saw the cashier drop coins into the food, pick the coins out, and leave the food out for consumption.I think this place is owned by the same people who run Asian noodle house where I found a rusty staple in a noodle dish.", 1, 6], "-SiC1z1l9uKdCL4i1D4LVg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "4/20/2010", "Cheapest, most unpretentious eats in Collegetown. It's not the most sophisticated fare--in fact it's greasy as hell and likely to make your stomach feel a little funky after a full plate--but it gets big props for being quiet, cheap and fast. If Green Cafe is the flashy douchebag of collegetown restaurants, and CTB is the popular one voted most likely to succeed, then Little Thai House is the very decent but slightly awkward wallflower whose parents do all his shopping at Kmart.", 4, 15], "IE6QD09t7IkSSd77kifnfw": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "4/12/2010", "Ridiculously huge portions for low piece. How can you complain to that? For about 6 dollars, you get a mountain of rice and your choice of entree. Only wished they had a little more variety though.", 4, 0], "OblJwG0Jvgf3k-h28KUhZg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "3/30/2010", "Two big thumbs up for this place. I haven't been in years, but I spent summers eating here all the time. If things haven't changed, which I'm sure they haven't, their spicy tofu is hands down one of my favorite meals.", 5, 0], "PJKFJXyKBGTdQDDVgzhnqA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "2/24/2010", "My favorite place in Ithaca! It is everything I love in the world: a lot of food, ready instantly, DELICIOUS, thai food, CHEAP, never crowded. I recommend the yellow curry with tofu and pad thai. If you are very hungry, go for the 2 entrees - it is $5.75 and it will last you 2 meals (maybe - but the pad thai is so good it is hard to save any.) I go here after every exam, major study week, or any time when I feel like I need a treat. YUM.", 5, 6], "Z7Org13nIdgTpqAZYBSNkg": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "1/5/2010", "Yum!This place is quick and cheap. You walk in and get rice in a small or big container and add one, two, three, etc. items on top. I really liked their spicy soft tofu. There's also a table in the back where you can get utensils and sriracha. You can totally steal some sriracha here. Just put a bunch in a cup and walk out. We're college students! SAVE MONEY.", 4, 7], "rOVu67T3jKJi7eyhqZjN6g": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "10/5/2009", "Cheaper meal than a fancy coffee from Starbucks, and very tasty. You're limited to the 8 things or so that they have, and your food will be served on a disposable plate, but it's less than 4 bucks for a good portion of whatever you choose. You can pile on your own peanuts and sauce after if you want it spicy, and get a cup of water from a very fancy Gatorade container that probably hasn't been cleaned since they opened.The question below about \"Attire\" with the \"Formal (Jacket Required)\" option makes me laugh because I think you could get away with dining here sans pants.", 5, 7], "FqCuOOqETQi0nZkzX1XzhQ": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "8/13/2009", "Just get the single item. They pile it on with the food. You can't beat the price and you can make it super tasty by adding as much hot sauce and peanuts you desire. I would go there again but their selection is limited. You can't go wrong with tofu dishes. I am not a vegetarian but those are the most appetizing dishes to me.", 5, 3], "1v2_lg_Mf5KrSt4_5B5TYw": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "4/13/2009", "It's sooo cheap and easy, which is a BIG plus for college students. The fact that I lived right between it and Asian Noodle House was also a big plus. The food is god and always constant. I like the curry here and the Thai iced tea. Definitely come here for some really good value.", 4, 1], "YeBN9L7I_yqQlaDswQwEkA": ["Yelp", "Little Thai House", "9/9/2007", "since leaving ithaca, i miss this place more than most of my friends. sad, but true. $3.50 for one item, which is plenty of food. my favorites are eggplant tofu and yellow curry tofu. i'd also recommend the spicy tofu (if you can handle it). i don't eat meat but my friends all go crazy for the red curry chicken. i don't really recommend the vegetables there and i think you can get better pad thai next door at asian noodle house, but seriously, cornell students, take advantage of this while you can. there is only one little thai house.", 5, 1]}
{"7A7vx7OGf3gHNW5TZ4UO-Q": ["Yelp", "Luna Inspired Street Food", "2/21/2019", "Absolutely delicious !!!!! I got the bacon Mac and cheese, the bbq pork Mac and cheese and chicken wings. All three were amazing, they certainly use local products and the flavor of the cheese- meats was very smooth and tasteful. Would certainly go back when I visit Ithaca again, you get 10% off your order if you make it online. It's next to a bar so you can cross over for drinks if you want. Prices are extremely reasonable/ low average for the portion size.", 5, 0]}
{"jzpCYACp-XtDpLXOzNjB4w": ["Yelp", " Goldie\u2019s", "12/13/2018", "what an amazing sandwich spot. the crispness of the croissants. oh and the customer service puts all of these 5 star restaurants to shame. i think I will flunk on purpose to stay and eat here forever!!!.", 5, 0]}
{"Fnjrfkbe24GdPfTIW0iOjw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "2/20/2019", "Unpopular opinion perhaps, but the pho here beats Saigon's -- especially the broth. The broth is much richer and more authentic (based on ALL the pho places I've been to in the Vietnamese places on Buford highway in Georgia, and Asia). Each has their own specialty (Saigon has a killer jungle rice and amazing selection of drinks), but Vietnam restaurant really kills it with the pho. I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars because I felt the meat could be more fresh and juicy (tasted a tad like the beef has been in the freezer for a while, if you know what I mean), but everything else really impressed me...especially for collegetown!", 4, 0], "X2-ZpMpudZ6dePupcCTUDw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/26/2019", "The duck here is surprisingly good considering we are in Ithaca. Vietnam restaurant is jointly owned and connected to Hai Hong. I have to say their Chinese food is pretty good. If you order the congee, fried rice, fried noodle, or anything from their dim sum menu, it's pretty good for College town. Most people would compare this to Saigon and not like it as much, but that's because of this restaurant has a more oriental taste. While Saigon's pho is more Westernized, Vietnam's restaurant's pho has a more herbal oriental taste. I personally think that Vietnam Restaurant fairly prices their food and is pretty good when I want to eat food that I would get at home.", 4, 1], "aSnHfDXGnZ4dTm42CDUCVQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "10/1/2018", "Best food in Ithaca. Best duck Ive had. Their soups are delicous as well. Highly recommend it!", 5, 0], "6CSdEiD-j3NfXFH3FBdwDg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/9/2018", "Best to avoid this place. I've gone here a couple of times as it is so close and convenient to where I was studying, but have been disappointed each time. The food is mediocre to pretty bad - once, the broth looked so cloudy and dirty that I could not bring myself to finish it. Quick service, but not worth it.", 2, 0], "kd_ANZnEO8-u5JFww9U6_A": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "7/18/2018", "Probably my favorite spot for lunch in college town. The food is above the average in the area for a reasonable price. I read some comments about being worse than Saigon Kitchen. But seriously that broth is too sweet for pho and generally over praised/priced. I agree pho here is mediocre but please don't say Saigon Kitchen is authentic. The staff are seniors but they are very friendly. They take any major credit cards and won't stop you from splitting the bills.", 5, 2], "liIwsa8gpqD7F1juSfO79g": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "7/13/2018", "Doesn't compare to Saigon Kitchen, though I will admit that I haven't done a head to head comparison of the pho because I don't eat meat. Be cautious if you're looking for true vegetarian food; many dishes have fish sauce. Lemon tofu was a generic salad like dish.", 2, 1], "VmWBjcg6SwbZ73jeTnQQDQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "6/29/2018", "Made a trip here and haven't dined here since I graduated back in 2002. Don't believe the haters. I always get the bun and even 16 years later, and extensively experiencing Chinatown in NYC, still good for here. And common sense says even though they have chinese menu items, stick to the Vietnamese dishes. Dim sum? I dunno. Ignoring my rules for dim sum, my son ordered the shrimp fun and the sauce was decidedly off. Otherwise, pleasant dining experience. Keepin it real since 1998.", 4, 0], "jKRGUgS6EAOruKliIzn3gw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "5/22/2018", "I think i was pleasantly surprised by the good flavors here. From all the pictures it didnt look that much appetizing, but everything we tried was very decent. The pho broth was very tasty. The shrimp paste was very delicate. Cha gio was good.", 4, 1], "XelgcmZq1tNpe2lX8zvsgw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "2/6/2018", "Extremely mediocre Vietnamese food. Probably the worst b\u00fan I've ever had. The low price and proximity to campus are the only things going for this place. If you're looking for Vietnamese, Saigon Kitchen is the only worthwhile place in town.", 1, 1], "LlsNolsKh35QQzQVlsrBsQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "2/5/2018", "A very solid asian restaurant in college town. It's Vietnamese but also has a full Chinese menu from neighboring Hong Hai. The Pho looked mediocre, the bbq and rice dish I had was bland but the chow mein noodles looked fantastic. Still at sub $10 it will meet your Asian food craze without hitting your wallet. If expectations are set you'll only enjoy the meal.", 3, 0], "DvctWfCUTD0Rhvkgvu4djA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/8/2018", "Not as spectacular as Vietnamese/pho restaurants in NYC but as restaurants in Ithaca go, this is one of the best. I haven't ordered a single dish here yet that I didn't enjoy. The pho is done well, very flavorful broth, just what you're looking for if you're having a pho craving. I've also had the vermicelli, which is perfectly refreshing and has a great balance of meat (and tofu), vegetables, and rice noodles. The duck over rice also has a great sauce but the duck is on the more fatty and tough side.Fast service, not expensive, love exploring the menu here, all in all, great!", 5, 0], "RyUN8S93EUgnSnpFM-NxMw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "11/2/2017", "My family and I have been going here for years. The server is always friendly, and very hard working. My family tends to get the vermicelli bowls and he's remembered what each of us gets. My favorite is the meat roll pork vermicelli. I've tried the pho which I enjoyed, but I haven't had it before so I have nothing to compare it to. Always great quick service and a good meal!", 5, 0], "VL4RtYMYpr_XphI1C2lysQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "10/22/2017", "Absolutely excellent food for a great price. The location is convenient to reach from campus and it's hard to find such a generous, hearty meal for such a good price. Easily one of my favorite places to eat in Ithaca", 5, 0], "J2xX_WjsokZ8uctOy71wpg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/4/2017", "While visiting a friend in ithaca we were craving Vietnamese food. Found this gem in collegetown and we couldnt have been happier. The pho dac biet and the cha gio (meat roll) was delicious. We also ordered the house special chicken on rice which was cooked to perfection. We will definitely come back again when back in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "NSYMEdZSANQxdj7w333plg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/3/2017", "Visiting Collegetown, we decided to grab Vietnamese food and were pleasantly surprised by the authenticity and freshness of the dishes here. We ordered the pho, and chicken salad, which ranked among some of the best I've ever had (comparable to OC, CA and NYC). The price is extremely reasonable for the quality and portions. So glad we found this gem right on campus. Definitely will be back next time!", 5, 1], "g59z3GmTpFxC1XbX3Z16GA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/30/2017", "Not the best pho I've had, but definitely the best pho you'll get in college town!! I think I prefer this over Saigon Kitchen - Saigon's pho tastes sweeter and slightly fragrant while here the broth is beefy and herbaceous! And for just $8, it's a STEAL!", 4, 0], "rrNXfR25aDt7MaaXqnsnHg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/18/2016", "I had beef pho to go, so I'm not going to comment on the noodles and meat since it's not that fair to judge it when it's been in a container for a while. But the broth...the broth was so incredibly bad. It was bland and so greasy. I tried to spice it up by adding the lime but the lime was so dry i couldnt get any juice out of it. Also, they are not very generous with the bean sprouts. Basil leaves looked black and soggy so I had to pick them out. Overall, it's just a bad meal, could even eat half of it because the broth was too greasy.", 2, 0], "gohTJwC4rDIxn-2E9mcUPQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "6/16/2016", "Average pho, nothing special. It'll satisfy a craving, though. The service was terrible. My friend and I waited fifteen minutes before we were served water and our orders were taken. We had to wave to our waiter to get his attention because the place was severely understaffed. There was only one other couple eating.The bathroom is clean though! So I gave a star for that.", 2, 2], "KrqjhA8GCz2VqNxxCwRTEQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "5/14/2015", "My friend say the rice with BBQ pork taste pretty good. However, Pho is really bad doesn't taste like pho at all and even have seafood in it. Do not try Pho here, you will be disappointed!", 3, 2], "jqIl0kT-fYTRbs--HN2MCQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "2/12/2015", "The food here is just okay. The pho is not flavorful at all but the meat is super juicy and tender. The meat rolls (Vietnamese egg rolls) are fabulous and delicious! And the vermicelli is just okay. The service, however, was kind of lacking; the waitress herself was nice and attentive but one of the owners sat at one of the tables near me and was talking to someone on her cell phone, in loud speaker, yelling at them in Chinese and looking really unfriendly. While watching a movie or something on her laptop. Kind of put me off my eating experience because I was the only other person there and it made for a weird atmosphere to eat in.", 2, 1], "H8pW6v7_oEZYDSv8dLxwxw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "11/1/2014", "I've eaten here at least a few times a month for over 10 years. It's definitely a favorite. Is it authentic Vietnamese food? I really can't say. But is it delicious? Absolutely. And the staff are attentive and friendly, and the service is very quick. I especially like the pork and shrimp vermicelli dishes and the pho with shrimp. Other people also seem to like the duck, the pork chop and the steak cubes. Why 4 stars instead of 5? Atmosphere. It's okay, but you don't walk in the door and go \"wow! what a nice place!\" It's a little spartan.", 4, 0], "MsG_9vzA5ylXkjddXAa-jw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/28/2014", "I don't know why there's people saying the pho here is bad. I lived in VN for a year and I know what authentic pho tastes like. It tastes exactly the same as the one that I got from this place. Except that this place doesn't give you the little plate of mint and basil and jalape\u00f1o.I was aware that the owner was Cantonese not vietnamese and doubted if the food would be good. Turned out it was good.For people who loves Saigon kitchen, I don't know why but my opinion is that their pho is really sweet, or much sweeter than what i had almost everyday in vietnam. If you like that, go for it. They do have better service and atmosphere there, and thus the pricing is more reasonable. But I will come back to this place for the taste of the soup.", 4, 2], "qYpRKQIf-0h2qfQNgQZYhA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/25/2014", "I ordered the vegetarian vermicelli and I really enjoyed it. The noodles were delicious and the vegetables were fresh! I would definitely go back.", 4, 0], "Dya0VtZsQoapfWQDljkvsg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/10/2014", "When I originally wrote this, there was no Vietnamese restaurant in town, but that has since changed. Saigon Kitchen is quite good, so there's no reason to give this place your business if you're even remotely interested in Vietnamese food. Moreover, the addition of a competitor in town hasn't improved anything here. If you're just bad at cooking, that's unfortunate but understandable. The people who run this place, though, refuse to so much as look at a pho recipe or visit another Vietnamese restaurant. There's genuinely no resemblance. That laziness shouldn't be rewarded.", 1, 2], "nE210f-pE4NrGbBpWIpq1g": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/25/2013", "Back in California, my Vietnamese friends would always point out places which served mediocre pho, by their standards. I never could tell what they meant because everything back home tastes pretty good to me.I don't have that issue in Ithaca. When it's bad pho, it's apparent as soon as it arrives at your table. So if my standard of good is a Vietnamese person's standard of average, that says a lot about the pho here.A bowl is probably gonna cost you around $10 before tip. Also, unlike every other pho place I've seen, every pho option here is priced differently. I'm used to seeing 5+ options (different combinations of beef provided) all priced the same, so that you're essentially customizing what comes with your noodles, with only the house special slightly higher (usually by just a dollar). Here, the basic bowl is already $8 and the special is $11.I'm also used to being given an extra plate where they put all the bean sprouts, limes, and cilantro. At this place, they'll just throw that into your bowl for you whether you want it or not. I normally don't put anything extra into the pho other than squeezing the lime. Speaking of which, I couldn't even see the lime until most of my noodles were gone because the lime had sunk to the bottom of the bowl. The jalapeno was dropped in there too and made my soup much spicier than I would have liked.Another weird thing - when I flipped over the container of hoisin sauce, it flowed out so quickly, and I wasn't even squeezing the bottle. I'm guessing that it's watered down.The place was packed when I walked in, so I thought they must be doing something right. Although I should have caught on to the pho being as bad as reputed since no one in the restaurant had pho in front of them. I guess the non-pho items on the menu are at least decent? I'm scared to find out though. I will say that the service is at least decent.If you're craving pho, do yourself a favor and go to Saigon Kitchen.", 1, 3], "oqRG_ieRAo3mtT3ZQMj8PQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/2/2013", "The food was decent enough. Definitely edible, but kind of bland. The service was excellent however and the atmosphere was very cozy and welcoming. Overall, I might come again, might not but I had a pleasant time and glad I experienced some Vietnamese cuisine.", 3, 0], "x69JH_fIqWFVlkk5mB0-UA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "6/3/2013", "I'm not a big pho person, so the fact that their pho is somewhat awful is meaningless to me. The vermicelli with imperial meat roll (code word for ground greasy mystery meat rolled and deep fried full of fatty deliciousness) is the best item on the menu and if you order it you can really enjoy your meal, but the pho just doesn't cut it.", 3, 5], "O_lnQrcPg2H3ErfA26--AQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "5/18/2013", "very mediocre viet. The pho is pretty poor. The bun is not too bad and at least mostly fresh.", 2, 0], "rYdNQqSGwAv9ocrUxLwkGw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "12/15/2012", "This place is venomous like that of the Inland Taipan, but even that would have to take a backseat to this \"viet\" food. This stuff (noodles, pork, beef) is so bad that if you were to choose between eating here and starving, you should default to starvation. If you were to graph your utility, \"eating here\" on the x axis and \"money\" on the y axis, your indifference curve would no longer be the aggrandized U shape economists adore, but rather it would be horizontal for MU(x)=0. Absolutely no marginal utility. As for \"viet\" food, this place is perhaps as real as emu is to turkey, surimi to crab meat, and chicken nuggets to... chicken. Just kidding, the above are actually tolerable, this is more like diet coke is to coke...absolutely disgusting and unforgivable.Lastly, a party of 5 will also automatically incur an 18% gratuity despite the absence of refilled water or any other service. If you are actually bringing 4 other people to eat here, prepare to look for 4 new friends after dinner.", 1, 13], "0duzuULkI6JX-kkVfKtCqw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/25/2012", "Wow. It's astonishing that this place can call itself a Vietnamese restaurant, let alone boldly name itself Vietnam Restaurant. The food here is essentially mediocre Chinese food with Vietnamese-inspired names, with quality positioned slightly above the stuff you find at a mall. I mean, come on, a pho isn't supposed to be served with lettuce, lemon, and broad noodles.For a more authentic Vietnamese experience, at least go to Saigon Kitchen. For better American-Chinese fare, go to essentially any other Chinese restaurant in the city.", 2, 9], "tzK8XGyJoPjKF_QGmAg3-Q": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/25/2012", "This place has been in Collegetown for a long, long time. Although not the best in Vietnamese cuisine, it is still pretty good. The beef noodle pho was inexpensive and was pretty large. Everything seemed pretty fresh.", 3, 0], "8PucHCRCtJW7LgPevospnA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/16/2012", "The food is often greasy and suffers from being cooked in inferior cooking oil, though the meat rolls have claimed a small part of my heart. If you want Pho you would be better off ordering delivery from the generally superior Saigon Kitchen (though they take a long time to deliver).", 2, 2], "Fb2JbBKoEd3lP9Lm3dXO9A": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "12/1/2011", "for those who have never had vietnamese food, the food will be good but this is not authentic vietnamese food at all. but since this is one of the only options for vietnamese food in ithaca, it's better than nothing. the noodles are wrong -- the pho noodles are thick but not because they're freshly made like in some authentic vietnamese restaurants; the vermicelli noodles are thicker than normal also. the pho soup does not taste much like pho but can be a good noodle-soup dish on its own.good price and clean restaurant though.", 2, 1], "IR-kpo3HvELX8cwWmuYRRA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/23/2011", "Having just come back to the States after being in Vietnam for a few weeks, I will admit, it was definitely my mistake to come here in the first place. But I just moved here from Boston (very consistently delicious Vietnamnese food) and figured I should waste no time in trying out my favorite meal options (um...why do you think I went to Vietnam in the first place?!) Sadly though, I was very disappointed. Although I recognize that there is a serious lack of Vietnamnese options here in Ithaca (see:none) and that beggars can't really be choosers, I don't know that I would choose to come back. I ordered the Grilled Pork Vermacelli and it was... eh. The vegetables and sauce and pork came to the table mixed together (as opposed to mixing the sauce in yourself) which I believe led to the mushiness of the noodles AND there were no peanuts (my favorite part!) They were very generous with the meat portion but it wasn't enough to make up for the overall lack of flavor. To me though, the biggest offense was the price-- almost $10 for a bowl of mediocre noodles? Ridiculous. I don't think I have ever paid more than $6 for a bowl of vermacelli. Needless to say I, unless I am in a state of desperation, I will not be coming back.", 2, 0], "QoHWYZCLyPCTiWmwkIOPIg": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "9/5/2011", "Yes! Jane G is correct. The food may NOT be authentic to those with better opportunities, but the service is fast, friendly and efficient. The food is hot, wholesome and heaping. The cost is reasonable makes repeat visits easy.I only ever have the House Special Noodle Soup (pho...I guess), but my guests have everything on the menu and it is all good.This is the place to go if you want quality, service and speed. Rick L needs to look at a map and realise just how \"centrally isolated\" Ithaca is.GS in Geneva", 5, 6], "KK_gmDeqt8r9RawsqNc8hA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/31/2011", "We had pho tai, s15, and Bo luc lac for lunch. Really bad! The worst. Since dinning regularly at Little Saigon in California, we do have high expectation. No, it's not pho!", 1, 3], "1blNezoWm_9iqWO8OPi4og": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "4/6/2011", "Whenever I'd come here, I'd order the meat roll vermicelli. I've also tried a variety of the dishes (usually off my friends'/family's plates) like the summer rolls (they call them spring rolls here, even though all other spring rolls I've had were fried, this one isn't), noodle soups, chicken on rice and fried ice cream.Their meat roll vermicelli is good, but the sauce on the bottom gets to be too much towards the end. And since I'm not too much of a noodle person, I'd just pick out the meat rolls halfway through the meal. The spring rolls are pretty standard, and they contain a good portion of shrimp. Goes well with sriracha and the peanut sauce. The noodle soup was pretty good, semi on the greasy side. The chicken is pretty standard, nothing special about it, but they marinaded it well and the chicken is never dry, which is one of my bigger pet peeves with food.I've had the fried ice cream here. It was such a delight! I've never had before (and never had since), so I have nothing to compare it to.The place tends to get full on the weekends (usually Sunday lunch), so be prepared to wait for a seat.", 3, 2], "OJi1swXlAZxiDmUcfkJl8Q": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "1/20/2011", "I like this place for being conveniently located in Collegetown. It isn't the most authentic but come on folks we are in ITHACA! I do however wish they would get rid of the lettuce and bring in basil and sprouts. The service is great as the owner (I think) knows people by name.", 4, 0], "HuFJ2CjhyqQePA_8l6jPdQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "12/23/2010", "Great for Collegetown options.Food tastes good, especially for being in collegetown. (I haven't had enough Vietnamese to comment any further.)Service is very friendly.Atmosphere is good generally for Ithaca, and fantastic for Collegetown. Simple, and neither tacky nor gross.", 4, 1], "KlsrgsAWGdb7mE6gQL4m5w": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "12/14/2010", "There was a time you'd find me here for dinner at least once a week. Take note that most of the low reviews here are from people with a different ideal for satisfying their pho craving... The food here is usually quick, and it's tasty, satisfying and reasonably priced. The owners are friendly.Spring rolls are good, the vermicelli is delicious. The restaurant is cozy but I like that they'll let you squeeze your group into their small space. Maybe the food here isn't \"authentic,\" whatever that means. But hey, you're in Ithaca! You can still get a really good meal at Vietnam.", 4, 4], "dRB2ioRespy5GkNLToiAIA": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/30/2010", "Yum!I love this place. I've only ever really ordered the vermicelli (usually the one with beef AND pork rolls, because I'm greedy) and the spring roll. The spring roll is nothing special, but I do love their vermicelli. The meat is flavored really well and it's yummy and I love the sauce that you pour over the noodles. It's the same typical sauce you get at all Vietnamese restaurants though, so can't rave about it too much.Seating is a bit crowded, as they've tried to smush together as many tables as they could into a small, narrow space.", 3, 0], "e3m18p3zwQJgZ4PF-QYRrQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "6/11/2010", "Lots of light, fresh, healthy choices on the Vietnam menu. The vermicelli (with chicken, pork, or tofu, etc.) is delicious! Each time I order it, I find myself spooning every bit of noodles and broth... and I'd probably lick the bowl clean if no one was looking.I can't speak to whether the food is authentic Vietnamese. But I can say that it's an easy introduction to the cuisine, even for people who aren't typically adventurous.At $8-10 per person, it's perfectly priced for the frugal college budget.", 5, 0], "35SECfnu3AKVzd6unk0CjQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "10/12/2009", "Do not order the pho here. It is inedible. For some reason they put ripped lettuce in it. It is too salty. And the meat, which should be placed in the bowl raw, did not seem fresh.", 1, 1], "4SOQXO8KIflIwAvysp2aJQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "5/12/2009", "I came here because i was craving some pho, i should have heeded the advice of the previous reviewers. What i had was not inedible, but it was not the pho i am accustomed to. The broth pretty much just tasted like beef broth, there was no basil, instead they put lettuce in the soup for some reason,It was served with a lemon instead of a lime and there where no peppers. The noodles where very broad, thicker than a linguine noodle. The other dishes i tried where very good though, the beef vermicelli and spring rolls where delicious. Good place to go, just don't come here looking for some good pho.", 3, 1], "DLIzngpLkoNPe9RkKSSd6Q": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "12/18/2008", "Vietnam Restaurant is one of just a handful of eateries that we frequent. Tru, that their dishes don't come loaded with the traditional accompaniments, but what good is really really good! We love the grilled grape leave with meet (s16) the #22 roasted pork and meat rolls with vermicelli, and the number 3 cabbage salad with tofu skin. Yum yum. I have notice a little inconsistency lately, but this place it still solid comfort food for us.", 5, 2], "pEB4YXgzuBXFeCxxDbL3NQ": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "8/5/2008", "Wendy R. is absolutely right. I went here even after reading her review thinking to myself, \"there is no way they would forget every ingredient in the dish. Thats absurd.\" So i ventured up to college town after a night of drinking and ordered the Pho. It was f*cking awful. The broth was like salty dishwater with overcooked 'beef'? I'm not sure that was even the meat used. There were no onions, cilantro, sprouts, basil, lime, hoisin sauce or sriracha. And yes, Lettuce was the garnish of choice. I would have gotten better pho at the Palms across the street. So I left the place, not only still hungover, but also sad and disappointed.", 1, 2], "Xl282KKdUxf7tGMEXcVZSw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "7/15/2008", "I absolutely LOVED this place when I was a college student living in Ithaca. My apartment was just around the corner from Vietnam Restaurant and I used to get take out from there at least once a week. My absolute FAVORITE dish is their deep fried soft shell crab. I believe it's only during the summer, since I remember sweating over it as I ate it with absolute relish and delight, and I still remember the tingle of anticipation as I would carry that Styrofoam container home, and open up the barely closed top (the soft shell crab was always just a tad too big)... Yummy. On other days I got the BBQ Pork and duck on rice. Duck was always a bit fatty and greasy, but I loved it! It was also super filling, which I always appreciated on my meager college earnings.", 4, 1], "yjIqlCgWU-Y9k9AEzBKtGw": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "2/10/2008", "Ugh. I absolutely hated the pho at this restaurant, and the 3 people I was with didn't like their dishes, either. We moved from a place where we ate pho at least once a week, usually more... granted, we had our favorite place, but there were other places that we liked almost as much, so I know it wasn't just our specific love of one restaurant.Instead of the usual cilantro on top (which granted I'm not a fan of, but I'm pretty sure that's a key garnish), there were big pieces of iceberg lettuce floating in the bowl. The broth was bland, and we didn't get the usual trio of sriracha, hoisin, and chili sauce... or I think those are the usual flavors of delicious mystery sauces. I actually don't remember getting basil, bean sprouts, and lime, either... but that's impossible, right? Right?Anyway, everything about the soup was *so* flavorless, but the waiter never came back and was difficult to flag down - so we couldn't ask for the condiments. If you're into bland food, this is your place... but make the pho at home if you're accustomed to real Vietnamese food.", 1, 3], "R_XKviEfOkzGLx6YntM7-w": ["Yelp", "Vietnam Restaurant", "7/12/2007", "Great place for Vietnamese food, reasonably priced. Spring rolls are delicious; the soups are satisfying.The website is simply a reprint of their current menu. Go there, read it, and salivate.", 5, 1]}
{"ZSrlN9Z1IqHnzUptqY_eJg": ["Yelp", "Little Tokyo", "7/21/2006", "Don't be too tempted by the \"Half Price Rolls\" on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Don't get me wrong - the sushi isn't bad (although its nothing special either) - but it is not worth the inevitable wait. I have been to Little Tokyo two times on Thursdays and both times it was a 2+ hour ordeal. They simply don't have enough staff, but with the rather expensive state of sushi in Ithaca the half price nights still keep people coming. On my last visit I was in a party of 6 people. 5 of us had sushi and 1 ordered from the Japanese/Korean menu. The guy that ordered from the menu got his Bi Bim Bop (nothing compared to the awesome BBB at Four Seasons) in about 10min. The first sushi came out about 20min later and each order kind of trickled out over the course of another 20min. I don't know about you, but I just don't consider it acceptable to be served my dinner 40min after the first meal came out. Check it out if have time to kill and have maybe one other person with you, but don't bother trying to go with a group. Unless the sushi and service are better on the regular price nights, I wouldn't pay the full price.", 2, 1]}
{"vSZiKPd2r1v3TT24GYc-BQ": ["Yelp", "Universal Deli Grocery", "1/17/2019", "Convenient due to location right in the heart of Collegetown. Nice people. Clean and everything is up to date (freshness of the food)", 5, 0], "USybcQsGzAEEfDrKHG0shA": ["Yelp", "Universal Deli Grocery", "9/19/2016", "employees here (family owned, indian family) are very unfriendly and not accommodating at all. the prices are very high and food items aren't even fresh.. SKIP", 1, 0]}
{"zU_whNJRyuNLHsmMEurNCA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "12/1/2018", "Slow service we showed up here about 4:30 for dinner, it was dead 2 families other then ours on a Saturday night. Our undercooked dumplings showed very quickly, which was unfortunate since we didn't realize our bowls of beef pho wouldn't show up until around until 5:50. The noodles tasted stale. Gave them 2 stars because they at least seemed to be very nice", 2, 0], "LUgFEyksmrcAAeV_katMeg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "9/23/2018", "Funny play on words with their restaurant name, wait was this intentional? (Friend or faux) Anyway, the service was great. We got the ribs, summer rolls, pho and veggie lo mein. The lo mein could have had more veggies but was otherwise a decent portion and pretty good. The spring rolls weren't anything special but the peanut dipping sauce was great so that made up for it. I didn't have any of the ribs but I hear they were good. The pho came in an enormous bowl and was even better with some sriracha. I would recommend sharing this!", 4, 3], "ms20AM6wqU7VAwGf1nwZXA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "8/13/2018", "Vermicelli was awful. Very odd tasting and looking chicken, wilted bean sprouts, flavorless, no seasoning at all. I actually couldn't eat it. Hopefully it's just this dish.", 1, 0], "aVZrNIZKcP_ui_nDEUClWw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "5/28/2018", "Great lunch buffet. Fabulous pho. Our favorite take out place in Ithaca for many years now. Friendly service when we eat in. Great place.", 5, 0], "6Z9aRPYw4fEPVLA1CxYg6w": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "5/28/2018", "My boyfriend and I were going to catch a movie at the Regal Cinema near by and decided to stop in this restaurant for some pho since we hadn't had any dinner yet and we were starving. We were cutting it close, coming in around 9:35pm on a saturday, 25 minutes before closing when some restaurants might have already done their last call and stopped cooking for the day. Thankfully, they let us in and order food. We both got pho soup. My boyfriend got the pho house special and I got the pho tai. The soup was so delicious, it was like crack! We couldn't stop drinking it! The noodles were cooked well and the beef was good quality. I highly recommend coming here for their kindness and the amazing pho soup!", 5, 0], "MpLd7ECqhw8FWVymx9M5GA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/8/2018", "Today was the second time that I have eaten at Friends and Pho. The first time was unimpressive-today the food was really good. In Vietnamese restaurants I always order the Vermicelli with grilled beef. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was. The restaurant is a little rough around the edges. It was very busy with the lunch buffet, but the waitress just seemed irritated that I wanted to order off the menu. When I first came in, both people were on their cell phones and just pointed me toward a table. So- food good, service not friendly or comfortable!", 3, 0], "YEi2yLGjYty4xlD0eZR6zQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/30/2017", "Food is decent but VERY overpriced. Service is not always the best. Lunch buffet is also decent but does lack many vegetarian options. If you are expecting inexpensive Chinese food I don't want recommend here.", 2, 0], "nlCmF5R4UoltoYMab0G4dg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/8/2017", "The steak pho was very tasty and a decent price! We ordered it to go and it was ready in under 10 minutes.", 5, 0], "o6xO1S5aGGWa1YnHN6RZyA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "9/15/2017", "The food here was fantastic. The waitress was very attentive and friendly. We got our appetizers quickly and our food came shortly after. We never had to ask or wait long for anything and overall we enjoyed our experience here very much! Will definitely be returning!", 5, 0], "dGk8jc8DMUxHymqFSHrBJw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "6/7/2017", "The pho is excellent. One of the best I had. Authentic and delicious. The place is clean and traditional for pho place set ups. Fresh looking paint (2017) on the wall, clean carpet and friendly hard working team. The mall itself does not do the place justice. Big parking lot and many box stores. The mall itself would not win any beauty contest, but the Friends of Pho for its Pho soup does!", 5, 0], "cLCnxe8S3U37U0Aqbvfkcg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "5/25/2017", "Wonderful, value-priced pho for those chilly drizzly days or downright freezing days! Despite a shortage in wait staff due to injury, the owner and her daughter gave warm. speedy and friendly service! The beef phos were well done and served with extra jalape\u00f1os by request and the chicken pho with egg noodles was very tasty as well. There is a lunch buffet available which looked appetizing, but we came for the pho and will be back again.", 4, 0], "_Su5iiGL9DS5bG7P0dP1OQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/18/2017", "Eat here several times a month, plus take out. It's our favorite! We love the staff too, extremely friendly.", 5, 0], "IAvAuF9HDjc9F4AGIpC6LA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/16/2017", "I had a nice experience here for lunch. The waiter was a little frazzled that I wasn't eating the buffet but I liked the broccoli mushroom dish I got. Not a very vegetarian/vegan friendly place with most dishes centered around meat", 4, 0], "4VzUWBr5InxKCGBgwWp0xA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "12/1/2016", "Delicious but pricey. I'm surprised there aren't more Chinese places on the hill as this joint is all we got. But it's really good, so no big whoop.", 5, 0], "bThWqM8WySXmASRal93SOA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "9/2/2016", "I would rate 0 star for this restaurant. I had a huge white worm in the dish I ordered. By the time I found the worm, I already 95% finished my meal there. It was THE worst dining experience that i ever had.", 1, 4], "rBurxUvKc7AogANSJO4ktQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "8/28/2016", "Regarding the previous NYC centric review I've lived in NYC and other major cities, and have found you have good, average and bad restaurants wherever you go, NYC & Ithaca included. By the way, historically a majority of Chinese immigrants to the USA speak Cantonese, I'd also suspect that at a Vietnamese restaurant the workers might possibly be Vietnamese and speak that language. Not sure what your point was, to let us all know you speak Mandarin?.Stopped in this place, clean, friendly service, fresh flavorful Pho & great summer rolls. Will be back.", 4, 0], "PeQncXCD7j5EP-WUydKkkA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "7/3/2016", "Went to this restaurant after visiting Cornell. We came from NYC and did not set high expectation for Pho in this suburban area. However, the house special Pho came out surprisingly good. The soup is very hot, which is one of the factor when I judge pho. I would recommend this restaurant to people who visit this area. BTW, it looks like they do not understand Mandarin although this is a Chinese restaurant. The service is not bad either.", 4, 0], "5XjPMTiWAHkygnS9vzev6g": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "6/13/2016", "They have the best tofu & many vegan options. I loved the atmosphere. They were so amazing they actually brought extra broth for my pho (and they offered!). Good green tea as well. All around awesome experience.", 5, 0], "-4xUgu9i7M3GpkJ50CpkXg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "3/12/2016", "$9 lunch buffet was very good. I asked for steamed shrimp and vegetables, not on the menu, but was pleasantly surprised with how delicious and large the dish was.", 3, 0], "XM-288OvAIdrWb8c507Tcw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/28/2015", "Overall, I thought the Pho was pretty good. It had very rich and bold flavors. Despite not loving Vietnamese food, I did enjoy the variety of the menu and the integration of chinese dishes into the presentation. What separates this from getting 4 out 5 stars was the average service and atmosphere. Ithaca has a lot of restaurants to chose from and this was below average in comparison to other places.", 3, 1], "Np-5mpVIXF3s73S5rMic9w": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "10/15/2015", "It's really the best pho I've ever had! They offer a great portion with a ton of stuff in it( I normally order their pho house special). It's so warming and delicious, I go there all the time. I really appreciate the quality pho they prepare. For only $10, you can enjoy a large bowl of heart warming pho.", 5, 0], "W9O7QaTsGs2zFhX8YMq0hA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "10/12/2015", "The food was good. The food wasn't bad, it definitely will fill the void if you're yearning for Pho.", 4, 0], "d0yVu6Rk93MizXFFe7nPiQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "10/9/2015", "I hesitated to try Friends and Pho, as they advertise as a Vietnamese and Chinese restaurant, and the last place I wanted to go to was one of the myriad of Chinese places available. But the name is way cool, and we thought we'd give it a try. The restaurant is nothing fancy which is fine by me, as I have learned that fancy decor is not necessarily a reflection on quality of food. We walked in to a big open room filled with various tables. They had a few round tables which I like, especially when you are dining with several other people, as it is conducive for conversation and no one feels like they are \"sitting on the end.\" It will say it was freezing in there so we all left our coats on. They had a small single electric heater sitting on a table in the middle of the restaurant for heat.Ordered fresh and fried spring rolls. Fresh were good, nothing special. Fried were the same. Some were dark brown and some were light brown which was odd - I assume that the dark ones were perhaps pre-fried, and then fried again before serving. My daughter and I somewhat nervously ordered the Pho and kept our fingers crossed. I absolutely love Pho and have it at any opportunity I can get it. Again, it was ok - broth needed more flavor, and not a lot of meat, which was a tad on the tough side as I think it had been in the broth longer than it should have been. I had to add a lot of Sriracha sauce to it. My husband and son had the lemongrass chicken noodle bowls which again were ok. My son said his had very little flavor so they ended up asking for some extra of the fish sauce that comes with it to kick up the flavor. My son's girlfriend had Chinese beef and broccoli which was average. Food: just plain averagePrice: a little on the high side. It was $90+ dollars for 5 of us, not including the tip. Service: server was very nice and apologetic for the slow service, and the food was very slow coming out of the kitchen.Menu: if they are going to advertise as a Vietnamese restaurant they need more Vietnamese menu choices, as the majority is Chinese. Conclusion: At the end of the day, we rated this place as just average. I would probably go back there if it was someone else's idea, but it wouldn't be my choice.", 3, 1], "1EXcJsIQjaCER9ikQ4SXTw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "5/26/2015", "I was staying at Econo Lodge across the street and I couldn't help but notice he catchy name, \"Friends & Pho.\" Ever since I was first introduced to Pho on New Years Eve of 2013 going into 2014, I've been hooked and dying to try pho everywhere I can. With that said, I'm more than delighted to have eaten at Friends & Pho! We walked in during lunch time and we sat where we wanted. The waitress walked out of the kitchen quite cheerfully and enthusiastically, and that honestly made me even more eager to eat. There was a small buffet under $10, and quite honestly, it looked appetizing enough, but that's not why we were there. My step brothers both ordered House Special Pho, which includes most of typical beef ingredients that I've found in Pho. I ordered the Seafood Pho. They were all fresh, zesty, and hearty. And since it was lunch time, tea was complementary! We had good service, good food, and it didn't cost more than $35 for the three of us. I would recommend anyone who passes through Ithaca and loves Pho (or Vietnamese, for that matter) to stop by Friends and Pho for a delicious bowl of Vietnamese noodles.", 4, 3], "wwTNZYmBu19XEYTteRYKuQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "3/2/2015", "Being somewhat a connoisseur of pho, I was super excited to try the pho here. Major disappointment, and I can't believe they use the word pho in their name!! When we went, there was only a few other tables with diners. The buffet was available, had no vegetarian options, and looked pretty tired. It was late in the day, so I guess that is understandable. Didn't matter, anyway, as we were having pho.The vegetarian pho (they were quick to say it was actually vegetarian soup, not pho, as all the phos have beef broth). Whatever. It was just ok. As another reviewer noted, the broth is basically water. There were a few pieces of tofu and a few HUGE pieces of bok choy. Some other veggies floated about here and there. I asked for a plate of basil, cilantro, sprouts (as that is what traditionally comes with pho). Our server said, \"Oh, you want that?\" She brought out a sparse sprig of basil and some sprouts, and said there was cilantro in the soup. I made it edible by adding tons of soy and chili sauce. My husband had a Vietnamese salad of sorts. It was mostly rice noodles and old iceberg lettuce, with a sparse topping of tofu and peanuts.This is a Chinese restaurant. Maybe they have good Chinese food, and should just stick to that.On a positive note, the service was extremely friendly and prompt. The d\u00e9cor could use some attention and effort.", 2, 1], "J2xomUFo3388o5u6fu4sZA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "1/26/2015", "Tried this for the first time tonight. Called at 5 pm to order takeout and was picking it up on my way home from work at 5:25.The food was really tasty and well spiced. Plus it wasn't super salty like some Chinese food can be. Ingredients seemed to be good quality and overall fresh. I was impressed how good it tasted even after a 25 minute drive home... most Chinese food loses its freshness at that point.Not quite as good as Saigon Kitchen, but happy I now found a decent place close by that does Chinese and Vietnamese.", 5, 1], "GYW7Z6pR3ncQciEWla9GTg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "12/14/2014", "We just love this place! We usually get the wings and they are always cooked fresh to order, which takes a while (duh), but theyre always nice and hot when served. And the flavor is out of this world! I always order the pho with eye of round and tendon. Oh gosh. The tendon is so good. Like a beefy jelly bean. Love, love, love! My husband gets the house special and he says its great too. Pho is served with the usual vegetation: bean sprouts, jalapenos, and basil. They even include peanuts on the table as a pre-appetizer. The waitstaff is always welcoming and helpful. It was nice to find this place because there is always enough parking.", 5, 1], "on_W73AIHrKdxiEruJyeJg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "10/8/2014", "I really wanted to like this place. The menu looked really good - lots of vegetarian options. We ordered bean curd with vegetables and a vegetarian pho. The bean curd with vegetables was fine. Nothing too fancy, similar to every other bean curd with vegetables I've ever had at a Chinese restaurant. They did include some baby bock choy and 2 varieties of mushrooms, which is nice. Though, a little steep at $11.The vegetarian Pho was completely flavorless. I believe the just used hot water for the soup base. Another Yelper thought they should use beef stock (NO NO NO!), but I would have expected a vegetable broth at the least. The servers were friendly enough and the restaurant was very tidy. The only other diners in the place seemed unhappy. They don't have a liquor licence, but have wine hanging on the wall. I can understand the confusion.", 2, 0], "aCxD0KG1qI3gdZKf3B_asA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "9/24/2014", "So I came here with the hubs to try out the Pho because its really close to our place and there's no hassle with parking because its in a strip mall. Now this review has a big caveat, everything I write should be followed with, \"but for Ithaca this is good\"The Pho is meh, but for Ithaca its good. The broth is good, the portions are skewed, and of course the prices are ridiculously high for what it is. But I've come here twice already for the pho.Chinese takeout is pretty good. Don't get me wrong its standard Americanized Chinese take out, but the ingredients are of good/great quality. The wonton soup is to die for!!!! Definitely get it in a large size to go. Service is friendly and efficient enough. My only qualm is, its so expensive, but thats Ithaca...", 4, 1], "cYMBlDwfn-yx5Y8JsxQ68g": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "8/31/2014", "Decent priced asian food especially American chinese and vietnamese noodle soup.", 3, 0], "tWxBqd92tE-O8Ql3M750Zg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "7/17/2014", "Still the same chef as when this place was the all Chinese Peking restaurant. Food is tasty, plentiful and good service. Twice in a week, and both times were good. Now that I know that it is the original Peking chef, we will go back to ordering all our takeout from here (with Vietnamese food as the added bonus).Not as crowded as Saigon, but apparently, in Ithaca all these restaurant owners know each other, so it is pretty comparable. The atmosphere is better at Saigon, but maybe they will re-decorate this place soon, and it will become popular again.", 4, 0], "15-SH9l2sKURVZ3h62rIPw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "7/8/2014", "Oh what a disappointment! Really wanted to go to Saigon restaurant but they are closed on Mondays and as there are NO good authentic Mexican restaurants in Ithaca decided to go here... a mistake!When I arrived there were uncleaned tables everywhere and the floor was dirty too.After finding summer rolls on the menu, which were OK by the way. I decided to order the Vegetarian Pho with chicken added; well what arrived is certainly NOT Pho.Pho is made in a beef broth which this is not. The broth was watery and bland NO taste what so ever. Also I got NO sprouts, there were a few in my \"Pho\" but no extra plate. When I asked for them I was told they only come with the beef Pho's. What B S is that??I have eaten at Vietnamese restaurants all over the US and this by far was the worse, wouldn't even call in Vietnamese; and yes if you want to serve a Vegan \"Pho\" describe it as such on the menu so that people like me who expect a REAL BEEF broth (Which is what PHO is) can order accordingly.Never again....", 1, 5], "XHKXk1lJWk1nULS0DVd08g": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "7/5/2014", "The worst pho I've ever had. The service is soooooo slow, there are only a few people in the restaurant, but we waited half an hour to get the soup. The soup was fully stuffed with noodles, meat is dry, little soup.", 1, 1], "9sJCo4qs0LUJ-cok09LQeA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "5/9/2014", "Top five reasons to try Friends & Pho:1) A good alternative to Saigon Kitchen, which can be way too crowded2) The House Special exceeded our expectations and the portion size was great! 3) Good meal for after playing tennis or golf.4) Service was phenomenal, the food came quickly5) Casual dining atmosphere", 4, 1], "lL5EUvHIcrxe6wKjXtUPyQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "4/26/2014", "Faux pho! Being very familiar with Pho coming from Long Beach California (just north of the biggest Little Saigon in the country), I was craving Pho so we came up to Ithaca and visited Triphammer mall and then to this place to satisfy my Pho crave. When the Pho came the meat had a grayish hue to it. I immediately knew it was boiled I asked the (Chinese) server she said that's how Pho is made, I advised her I've had Pho in many places never like this but figured I'd try it so I did. The broth was like water, the siracha and hoison sauce were watered down so there was nothing I could do to add flavor so I didn't eat it, we also had a bowl of Pho Ga at the table which was the same but with shredded chicken. On top of this we had a 10 year old at the table who was eating chicken wings only to come across a raw wing. This is where we called it a night. The server then told me it's made different everywhere (remember earlier she told me this is how pho is made?). I'm told the boiled pork dumplings were good. (Oh also another server told the 10 year old he is spoiled because he had two appetizers for his meal).At the end I spoke with a manager I was willing to pay for some of the food but not the wings. The manager comped the whole meal. Kudos to that. P.s. The bean sprouts were fresh.", 1, 4], "bLWI8lKk20RTcv8No30MjQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "3/7/2014", "To start, just like the best places I have been, the outside of the restaurant is nothing special. It is almost hidden. Once you walk in, it is not decorated with a lot of things all over the place. it is a little sparse. It is very clean, nice and not in the front room of an old house.I didn't have Pho, I actually had the chineese food. I thought that it was pretty good compared to all other chineese food in Ithaca. The portions were what I expected, quality seemed higher than any of the counterpart asian restaurants in Ithaca.I found the service to be great. The owner was great, the staff was exceptional. Again, unlike most places in Ithaca were service is bad, or at best average, Friends & Pho was great. We never had to ask for refills, or for anything. They checked in on us several times during our meal, I was very impressed.", 4, 4], "uwNeXXO7h1NMccnsnay_XQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/22/2014", "I was staying a hotel in the same plaza as this restaurant and decided to give it a try. I was very unimpressed. First the decor is non-existent. They really need to spruce the place up. I ordered the House Special Pho without meatballs. The beef was not rare as advertised and as I have had it at other Vietnamese restaurants. The broth needed more spices. Pho without a good broth just can't be great. I ordered the small and it was a huge portion. Would not recommend the large for anyone planning to eat it alone. You can't have \"Pho\" in your name and not serve excellent Pho.", 2, 3], "A7BgEm_dsd9oath36-TLqg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/21/2014", "I went here for the first time for dinner. My food was delicious and the service was great. I had the pork with vermicelli, and the flavor of the meat was so good plus the tasty sauce. Next time I might try the Pho, which I am sure is equally as good. That vermicelli bowl was so yummy though. I highly recommend checking it out!", 5, 0], "ZpT6uu_RPgv6mY1W59Wxjw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/14/2014", "My friends and I go out every Friday night but tonight almost all the restaurants were packed because it was Valentine's day and we didn't have other plans. We came across Friends and Pho and decided to try it. We had a great experience and the food was delicious. The waitress came over many times to make sure everything was ok; she was very sweet and pretty. The service is great and the food is great! We'll definitely be going back soon.", 5, 9], "yr7RpRcjzomZGuI5wlYxEA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "2/11/2014", "I had the good fortune of accidentally discovering Friends and Pho in late December of 2013. Since I am a major fan of Asian cuisine, I decided to try eating there.The atmosphere in this restaurant is nothing fancy, but the quality of the food is excellent. I've tried several varieties of their Pho (soup) dishes, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian, and found both to be exceptional. The service here is also very good, and the prices are quite reasonable. I've also tried other dishes, and enjoyed them very much as well.If you're a fan of great Vietnamese or Chinese cuisine, you'll most likely enjoy eating here.", 5, 5], "Cgt-pgIaAlc3sJSXbQw3vw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "1/8/2014", "Believe me, it's tough to be a pho contender in this town. This is my honest-to-god review of F&P:One of the most essential components to a pho is the broth. I ordered the House Special Pho: lackluster. The broth was completely underseasoned. The brisket meat was tough and dry (as if it was cooked beforehand). I've never had dry meat in a pho before. Some pieces of meat even left a metallic after taste. The meatballs were, disappointingly, the saltiest thing in the mix. There was actually one shrimp that was quite lovely. Either they were skimping on the shrimp or it was a mistake. As for the waitstaff, they were wonderful, nice and attentive. They really made the evening pleasant despite the food.BUT if you prefer QUANTITY over QUALITY, this is the place for you. Go ahead, you have been warned.", 1, 6], "MSYshM7fIjUhYZoUPNBAcw": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "1/6/2014", "Very good. My partner and I both ordered pho; the broth was tasty, the noodles had good consistency, and the portions were generous. Served in the usual manner with hot and hoisin sauces on the side and a plate of sprouts, coriander greens, and lime wedges. Service was attentive. Happy to have this new restaurant in our neighborhood.Someone in an earlier review mentioned they weren't doing take out yet (as of October) - they certainly do take out now.", 5, 5], "djuI30Yr6JrMFK0GMgpZpQ": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/17/2013", "Came here with some friends and we all absolutely LOVED our food! We ordered different types of pho, which were all really good. But the dish that really got to us was the Steamed Fish. The fish was very fresh, and the sauce reminded us of home. Absolutely love love LOVE this place. Only complaint is that one of the waitresses was very unprofessional. That aside, everyone else was incredibly nice and welcoming. :)", 5, 5], "fxoDO6iO3X4sAg6dF6zKeg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/11/2013", "Friends and Pho is a new restaurant that replaces Peking. I ordered the chicken pho there and it was very delicious. They give you large portions and the service is very quick. This restaurant has a lot of potential and I'm looking forward to seeing how it does in the future.", 5, 9], "ozXjyma7laMdkBtY_XsnHA": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "11/4/2013", "Went this evening and was pleasantly surprised. Great service, very attentive. Impressive menu. Prices are great for how much food you get. Really promising new restaurant.", 4, 3], "dnX9cC-BSU2lA1y5LL3GGg": ["Yelp", "Friends & Pho", "10/26/2013", "Recently opened at the site of Peking Chinese Restaurant. Wonderful Vietnamese food and very friendly service. Had the lemon grass chicken with vermicelli (Bun ? Nuong?) and it was very tasty. Definitely going back. They only opened four days ago and have not yet started doing phone takeout orders. My 13 yo is not adventurous and they had popular Chinese dishes for him (Chicken and Broccoli).", 4, 5]}
{"f5iK-A6owMF2UqyrLUomgQ": ["Yelp", "Mattin\u2019s Caf\u00e9", "6/27/2013", "Working long ours on the Engineering quad, I often find myself eating here. It's not my preference by any means, but who wants to walk across our hilly Cornell campus in the snow or rain. They have standard deli, breakfast and hot sandwiches along with grab and go sushi, salads, and fruit cups in refridgerators. They also have grab and go baked goods and hand fruit in the non-refridgerated section. The food is reasonably fresh, just uninspired. There isn't much a restaurant can do without a kitchen, but the staff is really fast. Excellent customer service.", 3, 1]}
{"jMi2h8JfgPdG8VFqfwRY-A": ["Yelp", "Covered Bridge Mkt", "5/2/2018", "The prices are way to high and the food isn't really good. the place needs a face lift and maybe better customer service.", 1, 0]}
{"O_fdXQT0PYx_ZhwMQa_lxQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "11/23/2018", "We had a great Thanksgiving meal here! My daughter in law made reservation and put down a deposit weeks in advance to us arriving in town. We started out with a cocktail. I had the lavender cosmopolitan-meyers lavender vodka, Cointreau, fresh lime juice, simple syrup and club soda. It was really good! My son had the New York South-bulleit bourbon, fresh sour mix, Pinot noir float. My daughter in law had the . My husband had the Myers Mule-with cranberries. I thought they had a great specialty cocktail selection. They had a preset menu for the Thanksgving meal, several choices for each course. I had the roasted butternut squash bisque with toasted pepitas. It was good, could have had a little more flavor or spice, but it was fine! The rest of our group had the shrimp cocktail to start. 3 of us had the roasted turkey-my son asked for dark meat and they easily accomodated. It came with mashed potatoes, green beans and stuffing. I was impressed that they had a gluten free version for those that wanted that. My daughter in law said it was the best turkey breast she has had! We couldnt believe the portions-they were huge! My husband had the short ribs that came with sweet potatoes and gravy and veggies. For dessert 3 of us had the pumpkin pie-loved the real whipped cream-came with a little cookie too, and my husband had the harvest apple crumb pie. We enjoyed our meal and had lots of leftovers to take home. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The food came out fast. We had a nice table by the window (it was a bit cold-but we were there on a record breaking cold day) and we had a great view. Loved it!", 4, 3], "a5Iwp3TZvASQYNmzb7zmfw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "11/20/2018", "The main building has been beautifully preserved. There are gorgeous views of lake Cayuga from the main dining room and the outdoor fire, heat lamps, and blankets make even the coldest New York night feel cozy! Our dinner at the inn included local beef, locally grown vegetables, and wild salmon from Maine--and it was absolutely delicious! For dessert we had the most amazing chocolate cake. It was sooo rich...I'm still dreaming about it! The staff is extremely welcoming and helpful and there is a gorgeous waterfall just 10 minutes from the inn. The inn is also surrounded by a ton of close by wineries, breweries, and cideries. We really enjoyed exploring and loved that we didn't have to go far to find more beautiful views and drinks!", 5, 0], "X_UrXdWJdxOhTMvfVfVhpQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/25/2018", "My wife Maricelis and I recently had an AMAZING dinner at the Inn for our anniversary celebration. We have been wanting to visit the Inn Resturant since last October - we are Rotarians, and after the hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico last year ....the Ithaca Rotary Club put together a fundraiser and the Taughannock Resturant was an early supporter and helped our Rotary Club raise $10,000 to help senior citizens repair their homes and their lives.Our anniversary dinner was an incredible experience from start to finish. My wife and I travel extensively and have the opportunity to experience great restaurants around the world... and the Inn provided a world-class dining experience from beginning to end... We had reserved a table with a view and were met by the Resturant Manager. She welcomed us and had noted from a comment I made when I made the reservation, that it was our anniversary. She took us to a table with an amazing view and asked if she could bring us a complimentary glass of champagne to start the evening off. Our server reviewed their specials, we ordered the house special salad to share and my wife ordered the duck and braised cabbage and I...apparently one of their specialties, the roast turkey dinner. When the salad came we were both shocked, it was a HEALTHY portion of locally grown greens and fruit and very tasty. Both our entres were delicious and too be candid the turkey dinner was truly amazing and HUGE serving. As my wife said, \"the stuffing is to die for\".Great service, scrumptious food, breathtaking setting. Thank you for making our anniversary so special... PS, we will be back .....and we both want to try your brunch!!!  Dennis Gray", 5, 0], "lt-OTQvDJsXF5rKIXDXypA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/29/2018", "Spent my girlfriends birthday here and it was simply amazing. Food top notch well priced for being fine dining as well. Service was exceptional Lloyd our server made our evening feel so special. Without me even asking brought out complementary desert and sang happy birthday for her. If you are in the finger lakes area and want great ambiance, service and definitely top notch food stop here!", 5, 0], "yaLTho8TGkQKQlzVCECYRA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/22/2018", "We showed up 5 minutes early to a reservation only to find an overcrowded foyer. We were told it would be 15 minutes until we could get a table. We went into the bar where we overheard a waitress tell the bartender that a party had sat at their table for 40 minutes before a server was assigned (i've never waited tables so i don't know if that is a management or server issue... but i know it's not good).We finally were seated. Our water glasses were empty and remained that way for nearly 20 minutes. We ordered our food on the waitresses first visit (caesar salad for me and chicken parmesan for the wife), water still empty. We asked a buzzer if she could help fill our glasses, she said she could and about thirty seconds later our waitress appeared and grabbed our glasses to fill them. While waiting for entrees I finished my water, it was not refilled the rest of the meal. The food was really good. Dressing on the ceasar was nice and the anchovies were a nice addition. The tomato sauce on the chicken parm also tasted fantastic. Unfortunately the service and/or management could really use some attention. Probably would not go back.", 2, 0], "jKArntcZ6kanNS5myT9KjA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/17/2018", "First of all the the hotel was nice but the Restaurants water tasted like a metallic metal pipe taste so we order lemonade and it tasted like someone dumped the whole package of lemonade powder into water. The forks and knifes looked like they where 1000 years old then there was like some sort of manager started a obnoxiously loud conversation with some other guests. Hope this Helps!", 2, 0], "bZl39j6i_QZqIQIhG6DtGQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/28/2018", "Atsomphere is great. Food so so,pan seared scallops, not seared,watery butter,cool potatoes covered with cold pickled onions with a little corn thrown in to ruin the flavor,appetizer salad was great ,dessert was like Applebees triple chocolate meltdown but not as good,ice cream was fabulous, I just love the place,guess I will stick with the traditional turkey dinner,it's always good", 3, 0], "Hzug9OCv2S8Z8qQHGPD38Q": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "6/30/2018", "The female manager was among the rudest service providers I have ever encountered.  We asked for a menu item from their pub and were tersely informed it was not in their policy to accommodate us. After asking the wait staff to work with us, the manager finally acquiesced. The other wait staff were apologetic and attentive. Overall we were happy with the food. The manager's behavior put a damper on the meal. With a party of 13, it would have made sense to be cooperative with one guest's reasonable request that in the end was easy enough to grant. With the price of the experience, it is a shame she behaved in such an unprofessional manner.", 1, 2], "TRlHGFKxH_wCsU9BTkaAvQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "4/30/2018", "Cruising route 89 after visiting the falls I stopped in and enjoyed a great Manhattan in the little sidebar which was tempted to buy Christopher who is originally from New York and he brings a nice touch to the establishment. Took a look at some of the rooms and facilities but did not dying or stay in as I was going to my reunion for the Ithaca College rowing team. Definitely stop here if you are passing by and you will enjoy yourself and the spectacular scenic panoramic views.", 5, 0], "aE1dFeZjQLVHlIN3zMEeZw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/28/2017", "We loved this very quaint and friendly restaurant inn. If you like small boutique hotels with beautiful little bars, outdoor spot to sit with views and fire tables, and good traditional cuisine, then this is a spot for you. We are in to beautiful spots with ambience coming from nyc, and this did not disappoint. In fact we were suprised by how great the drinks were and the friendly atmosphere.", 5, 0], "4ijOgWFD5shf2Dbci3m1vA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/9/2017", "Incredible evening last night at the Inn. Dinner was fabulous, I had the filet and my wife had the scallops, both superb. The service was top rate. The highlight of the evening was sitting next to the fire pit with other guest and enjoying a beautiful evening. We stayed the night and our room was clean and the pillows were like lying on a cloud.  The Inn is located next to the spectacular Taughannock falls. The falls are over 200 feet tall, and are just a short walk from the Inn. I highly recommend!", 5, 0], "c9NnxxSQwttMyR7skBPNOQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/2/2017", "Nothing about brunch was bottomless like the previous review said. You also can't find anything on their website regarding brunch. Service is fine. The place was pretty empty. Definitely don't base your visit on the previous review as it is completely incorrect.", 3, 0], "inWWEmgpQwPl---MmT36Yw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/17/2017", "We were at the Inn on Sunday august 13th, 2017 with our friends ( a group of 7) and had a wonderful experience from the moment we stepped through the doors. The hostess was friendly and showed us to their fabulous bar. The bartender was a wealth of information from recommending drinks to places to visit while vacationing in town. Our dining experience continued to be just as delightful. Our waitress was amazing, our food was delicious! Some of our party had the filet mignon which was the best steak ever! We had a fabulous experience all around. So we decided to go back for dinner on our last night of our vacation ( Thursday august 17, 2017). Well it was the complete opposite experience. We had reservations for 7:00 our party was only for 3 guests and we had to wait to be seated ( they forgot we were in the bar) The restaurant was not busy. We arrived early to enjoy the bar and noticed if we checked in on Yelp we would receive a free glass of wine or beer so we mentioned this to the bartender. He was not aware of it but said he would ask. Well no one followed through with us!  We ordered our meals around 7:15 and did not receive our meal until 9:00! We had to flag down the bus boy to get water or to order another drink. The service was very poor especially after we had been waiting such a long time for 2 steaks and one hamburger! My husband was getting a bit upset with the long wait for our food so he finally got up to talk with the hostess. The hostess said she would check on it but never came to our table to let us know! Very poor customer service. The staff on Thursday was completely opposite from the friendly, attentive, and timely staff on Sunday.", 2, 1], "K9Jd0_g_0DmfVlgn-575-Q": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/16/2017", "We went here for our anniversary dinner last night, it was honestly disappointing. They are going for a very upscale feel, but just not quite making it there. We could smell the bathrooms as soon as we walked in, a sewage like smell. Several staff members walked by us with no greetings before the hostess came and got us our table. Our server took a very long time before coming to our table. Every part of our meal took a long time to get to us. The menu isn't very big, I wasn't too interested in any of the entrees. I had the crab cake to start, it had a lot of crab meat in it but it was soggy from being reheated. My husband had a salad that he liked. I had the bucatini pasta for my entree. It had sliced potatoes in it, which was WEIRD and didn't go with the dish at all, but the portion size was good. My husband got the turkey dinner, he liked it a lot. For dessert we got a creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, the portion was pathetically small but it tasted good. We had a drink each and our bill was $122, not worth the price for the quality of the food. We will probably not be back unless they change the menu.", 2, 1], "ZRU3y_RVsAyllYYMQht5rA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/28/2016", "Great service, great management and great food. The view of the lake is even better! The all u can eat brunch was fantastic, and the bottomless mimosas made it even better. Everything about this place is perfect!", 5, 1], "aaO5Vt98HeIj7h2nSbML9A": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/20/2016", "I recently had breakfast here on a beautiful fall morning. The positives: This place offers a beautiful view of Cayuga Lake with pleasant surroundings. The Inn is an interesting old home that looks like it was refreshed recently. The negatives: Upon arriving I stood at an unmanned hostess station waiting for someone to direct me to the others that I was meeting that morning. Two staff members walked past me never saying a word to me. No good morning, no may I help you, nothing. I waited for about 5 minutes before the person that organized my breakfast meeting arrived. We were then seated immediately after that. The bathroom was dirty, which was surprising given that it was morning and the restaurant was not that busy. I believe that you can tell a lot about how a restaurant is run by how the bathroom looks. One would think that at a minimum it would be clean at the beginning of a day. This was a disappointment given that this place seems to be shooting for an upscale feel. The breakfast menu was limited with approximately 6 choices. The choices looked good on paper and I ordered a white omelette with spinach and tomato and cheese. Presentation was sloppy. It looked more like an overstuffed soggy wrap than an omelette. It was a soggy mess that was very poorly executed with little taste. I didn't eat much of it. No way was it prepared by a chef or anyone with any culinary training.  The other 7 people in my group received similarly disappointing looking dishes. Large bowls of home fries with big chunks of sausage and dry looking eggs tossed on top. Toast looked like over-done wonder bread. Not what I would expect from an upscale place. Disappointed. Would not recommend.", 2, 0], "GrpVHM1gO-6cliXJE_MxBA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/14/2016", "Wonderful fancy ambiance. A nice menu with some good options. It was a good bit of money and while nothing was terrible it wasn't outstanding to equate with the price. The server was very sweet but clearly young and inexperienced in how to wait in a nice restaurant. While nice she didn't know enough about the food and how it was prepared. The two apps we had were solid-chowder and crab cakes. The main dishes the pastas (mushroom and lobster) were somewhat flavorless. There was a good portion of lobster and mushrooms which I definitely appreciated but the actual flavor was somewhat flat. The dessert was carrot cake and very moist and tasty-my Fiance called it \"awesome\" and one of the best carrot cakes he ever had. It shows they have a dedicated pastry chef. Overall if you need a fancy place to go to then this fits the bill but if you are looking at a place just for the food then I'm not sure this is your place.", 3, 0], "c65L7HeMkP21KRb-yAsy8Q": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/10/2016", "I came here a few weeks ago with family who were staying at the Inn. Our service was great, the waiter made smart recommendations from the menu, and our food was even better. Would highly recommend!", 5, 0], "mhipJEiLQgB0XTDH5BjAQg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/1/2016", "Had dinner with a group of 10. Great service. Food was fantastic. Portions are large starting with the salads. I had crab cakes. Very nice. Linguini and lobster was a joy. Highlight though was the stinger ice cream...an absolute must.", 5, 0], "NK9MYy18FP5iJdKuOPaM1A": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/21/2016", "While on my honeymoon it was my pleasure to be able to eat here!The views are amazing, the service is up to par and the food is to die for!They knew we were celebrating our honeymoon so they sat us at the cutest table overlooking the lake. The building itself is beautiful, and dinner is by candlelight mostly. It's adorable. My husband ordered the lobster linguine, he said it was amazing and he was pleased the amount of lobster that came with the dish. I ordered the lamb chops, probably the best lamb I've had. It was all so amazing. We also ordered the crab cakes to start, which were different than what I'm used to but the best tasting I've ever had!I highly recommend this place!", 5, 2], "-GvCDLPIJmdH9YkQD9bJQw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/27/2016", "Stayed at the Inn for the weekend with my husband and daughter. Dinner was amazing! The staff make sure everything was just right for us. I ordered steak, my husband the lobster and pasta. The breakfast was very pleasant. Fresh and enjoyable.", 5, 0], "ON0VpeaLqzNVZzipRUWFAg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/9/2016", "We had a beautiful lunch over looking the lake! Our food was light, summery, and so delicious! Would absolutely come back!", 5, 0], "T4P_A70aJ55HHAZ9nZ808w": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/3/2016", "The new menu has added to the beautiful ambience that is offered at the Taughannock Farms Inn. Under the new ownership, the interior has been refinished to make the look bright and elegant. The food is absolutely spectacular and the service is wonderful. I highly recommend trying the new Inn.", 5, 2], "JuMN22kJ1Sn10KY9ezywsQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/31/2016", "Disappointing. I thought the food was average in comparison to higher end restaurants in the region. Did a poor job with presentation. Brought out everyone's food EXCEPT for one meal they forgot to make which took an additional 20 min to prepare. As we wanted to eat together, I asked that the food kept warm in the kitchen until the last meal was completed. They looked at me like I was crazy. Lastly, and perhaps greatest annoyance is they refuse to use lighting during dining. Now don't get me wrong, I enjoy an relaxed intimate setting, but the lack of lighting didn't allow us to visualize our food nor confirm the temperature of the meat. The few tea candles on a large table should have been intended for ambiance not primary lighting. The comment from management, \"the owner likes it like this. He eats at 9p and has no problems seeing.\" Are you kidding me?? I'm really not interested in the owner. Apparently he feels the same about me. The 15% discount doesn't make up for poor execution. Would not go back....too many good choices in the area to have a substandard experience.", 2, 4], "ubGd37W25aHtp1rMQCtT9g": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/25/2016", "We stayed here over the weekend and had 2 dinners and breakfast at the Inn. The menu has so many choices it made it hard to decide what to get. All portion sizes were fairly large- although we did finish most of them :). These are the highlights:We started out at the bar and the bartender was able to mix me up a non-alcoholic drink because I was pregnant and my husband had a tequila cocktail similar to Moscow mule. With dinner there was a nice selection of California wines we had the St. Clemente Cab.  Starters:- The arugula salad with mushrooms (my husband got it both nights he liked it so much)- The Crab Cakes were super fresh and delicious- The Rainbow salad (beets, tomatoes, and burrata drizzled with balsamic)Mains:- The chicken parmesan is to die for! It comes with angel hair pasta and is simply amazing. - The Scallops are served with mashed potatoes- very different, but it worked.- The bucatini with red sauce was great! - The Lamb Chops were excellent and came with veggies and mashed potatoes. Dessert- The Stinger Ice Cream is amazing... I wish I could have brought it home. It is honey ice cream with chocolate espresso chips. - The Carrot cake for two is also great.  - The cheesecake is a ricotta based cheesecake so very different than your typical cheesecake, but a lot more flavor.The settings were magnificent. The views amazing. The servers were new and charming and could answer all questions. We can't wait to travel back to stay here and dine!", 5, 6], "AHQ2QSdxSMMuYeQxX0kYqQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/15/2016", "This isn't an updated review, but a response to the owner's email to me, which for some reason I can't find to respond to. I appreciate your response about giving the Inn another try. However, since our son has graduated we won't be in the area as often as the last four years, and will probably go to our tried and true restaurants until we see a better review for the restaurant. However, we do wish you the best. You have a great location and hope that you are able to get the kitchen to turn out great food.", 2, 0], "MeQqmown-MQE9nla5PMPAw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/15/2016", "Love this spot and had the most amazing swordfish ever served on wilted spinach with fingerling potatoes. Add in a glass of dry riesling from a local vineyard and I was beyond content. The service was that perfect amount where they were there when you needed them but never interrupting. Our table had a perfect view of the lake and by the end of the meal the light became very romantic. I try to resist deserts but was told of their great ice cream and cheesecake and was glad we ordered one of each along with a great cup of coffee not bitter in the slightest. Perfect match and a lovely evening. We were staying in the Inn but did not want to retire yet so we stayed for an after dinner glass of wine from the intimate bar area and sat on the side porch in comfy wicker chairs. A lovely night.", 5, 0], "hJjTZphQTl1f2C_xAKv9KQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/4/2016", "I'm having their Great Point Swordfish, a thick fillet served on a bed of sauteed garlic spinach, fingerling potato with a glass of san pellegrino water with lemon and having a Gin and Tonic.", 3, 0], "6kEd0KcrM6UuThZPhsn5Rg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "6/20/2016", "The new Inn is a welcome upgrade in terms of ambiance and menu selection. The bar has a great atmosphere and the view is amazing from inside and out, complimenting the dining experience. The staff is incredibly friendly and effective. I look forward to being a regular here", 5, 0], "g6uhOPuKEZt4FE7cvHYZbQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "6/13/2016", "Had a great meal with great service. For the nay sayers, remember this isn't fast food. Enjoy the view and a glass of wine while you wait.", 5, 1], "n8o75u-MZ7wuvj19V9fOPw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "6/13/2016", "Soup cold, service extremely slow on non busy evening. New menu looks and sounds good. Still waiting for main course. Waited over 30min from salad for entree. Restaurant not at all busy. Significant training still required. Disappointed. Entree cold too. So sad & disappointing.", 1, 0], "UAd2-AXXsbl2Kq5zEkBqcA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "5/28/2016", "Came on a very busy night. Elegant atmosphere however execution and value not good. Expensive and average special drinks. All steaks were cooked to wrong temp. Not alert on timing of delivering each course.", 2, 0], "MBymjemwtrbc5gqh1geUBw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "5/22/2016", "Just wanted to take a moment and let you know what a wonderful time we had at your restaurant on Saturday, May 22nd celebrating our daughters' graduation from Ithaca College.We are from the lower Hudson Valley area and our daughters have been best friends since they were three years old. Both fell in love with the College and the area as have we. Naturally, we had to celebrate their achievements with our families together and we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the Inn and were put in a private dining room! The food was phenomenal, the staff attentive and courteous and the setting was perfect. The menu was not the standard fare of chicken marsala and veal piccata (yawn!) but inspired and different...and all were delicious! Thank you for making our families feel so welcome and creating a lasting memory for us all!Wishing you continued success !", 5, 4], "FxeSSb0CkJb7FzKj6tXp8g": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "5/9/2016", "Disappointing. We went there for mother's day and were crammed in like sardines. Although the food was descent on the buffet, the ambience made the experience uncomfortable. The servers were disinterested and made you practically beg for coffee--which was never offered. Our server \"forgot\" or blamed the bar for not delivering our drinks and was delayed again with our bill. But what was most uncomfortable, was the environment. We were packed in so tight, that you could hardly get up from your table. The air conditioning was on (not sure why, it was only 55 degrees outside) and it was absolutely frigid...which could have contributed to the cool temperature of the food. Apparently this was their opening day and they should have waited another couple of weeks...there were no railings on the porches, and several people almost fell. It was amateurish.", 2, 1], "ouAsj0UA1TpCcEP4l4aYlg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/27/2015", "We had an event hosted at this inn, and truth be told, I really didn't like this place. The view was incredibly serene and we all had a good time driving 30 minutes to this place, enjoying the scenary. However, the staff who took care of us were less than helpful and or friendly. The bartender were incredibly stingy and gave me less than a shot of whiskey despite the $9 price. The food was quite unmemorable and the dessert unfortunately premade, and not that good. I had ordered the salmon, which, upon asked to be cooked rare, came almost completely tough as a board. The broccoli that accompanied the dish was poorly thawed from the freezer. There was no soul in the food and the service and for that I could not recommend returning here.", 1, 4], "DX4Wvr8XEM-vK2Gzdz4BYw": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/4/2015", "First the place is beautiful... But....... The food is horrible...... Not just bad..... Horrible..... The place had bugs.... Dirty silverware..... The waitress spilled two items.... After spilling coffee gave me the dirty stained cup dripping with coffee.... The duck did not come with sauce so the cook sent the same sauce as the flounder dish????....the soup was good and the salad was good..... You get a lot of bad food. I was full I guess.", 1, 2], "u0QehxSdM3enR_syCOYbEA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "7/1/2015", "The setting and view of Cayuga lake is unbeatable; as far as romantic ambiance goes, this restaurant delivers. The food, unfortunately, didn't meet the promise of the location or the prices. The menu and ingredients are okay, but uninspired. The Italian salumi dish was sub-par - overly salty cheap prosciutto, accompanied by mustard and goat cheese? Clearly, somebody doesn't understand the spirit or provenance of such a dish. The table bread was tasteless pillsbury pop in the oven white rolls, the brie appetizer was rather basic with a few candied pecans and cranberry jam on ill-suited bread. The filet mignon was good and tender, but again, served with basic steamed broccoli and potato. The pecan tart was decent. The service was very polite but a bit green. I'd love to come back here and experience something fresh; something that takes advantage of the bountiful farms and produce of the Finger Lakes region, all while continuing to capitalize on its beautiful location.", 3, 0], "cswTv9RO6fLKzb1hROknBA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "10/7/2014", "I'll start out by reviewing the restaurant. The first dinner we had was on Sept. 30, 2014. The food was wonderful. I had the chicken corden bleu which was really good. The appetizer was the mushroom broth with mushrooms and kale. This was sensational!  I had the caeser salad which was very good. The only critique I have is that the entrees were huge. We couldn't eat it all. We had dinner a second night but split the seafood entree and this was the perfect amount. We loved the desserts, a type of peach cobbler.I would highly recommend this restaraunt!!!", 4, 1], "AK0Wg9TLMcfAfYEJwIPUjg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/23/2013", "Excellent ambience. Great view and attentive staff. Had the Ny strip rare and fusilli pasta.", 4, 1], "RaOd-id455NCRcXQfYgkgg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "6/1/2013", "this place was very good...I dont know why the low reviews. really nice ambience, gorgeous view overlooking the lake (request a table on the patio), and great service. The meals come with four courses, so its actually a pretty good value. Really like their lobster, trout, portabello puff pastry appetizer, and desserts are amazing. They also have a 25% off coupon on their website if you are seated before 6pm. I cant wait to go back!", 4, 3], "SPhcWrrQB6ksYxu1zkxVwA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/18/2012", "I usually like T-Farms for special occasion/celebratory dinners. Went with my parents, sister, brother-in-law, nephew and wife to celebrate my parents 55th wedding anniversary last week. I was disappointed that the restaurant was too busy to serve us well. A couple of small busses that we saw in the parking lot upon our arrival had apparently brought two parties celebrating special occasions (wedding rehersal dinner, I think). Our food was not cooked as well as it normally is, and the service was very slow. I won't give up on them, as the experience is usually worth the price, but I'll avoid nights when large parties are in the house!", 2, 0], "-u5QvzI6_aupsUXTeIACTQ": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "9/14/2012", "We enjoyed our \"all inclusive\" dinner, although the four courses may be a bit much for smaller eaters. It's nice that they offer a juice as a starter, as that's all my tiny mother wanted....she loves tomato juice, never buys it at home, and was able to have it....you just never know what will be the tipping point for some customers!  My father loved his \"meat plate\" appetizer, and that's all some fathers will eat. My husband had the mushroom & rice bisque, and would have liked more chunky mushrooms. I enjoyed the spinach spread, but it was too much for just me. We all enjoyed our entrees, mine being the chicken cordon bleu....nice smoky flavor, but had to take some home. Our server was very attentive, and the meal was nicely paced. Only small detractions were unavailability of tap beer (due to a temporary cleaning process....very important), only one \"not rare enough\" prime rib left (but they do tell you to call and check), and coffee not quite strong enough for my taste. Highly recommended.", 4, 1], "9tuIRJ7o3McyZ-4DoyQu7Q": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "3/26/2012", "On a recommendation from a friend, we dined at this lovely inn while on our honeymoon. We were looking for quiet, romantic, and palette pleasing dinner. We were definitely not disappointed! We were seated in a room with a stunning hilltop view of Lake Cayuga and enjoyed a nice selection of local wine. The dinners are priced based on the main dish and they are all inclusive. For the price of the entree the meal includes a starter, salad or sorbet, and a desert. The salad, smoked salmon, and the strawberry soup were out of this world. The duck and stuffed pork chops, which both were served with a side and seasonal vegetables, also far exceeded our expectations. The atmosphere was classy as was the extremely attentive and friendly staff. Without a doubt, this is a must do for a romantic evening in the finger lakes!", 5, 0], "JQYLOFIU3qcTrv9kzlW8oA": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "8/27/2010", "I've come here often for various occasions. Taughannock Farms Inn looks beautiful on the outside and the inside. Their staff is very friendly and helpful. BUT THEIR FOOD SUCKS!!! It's really a shame. Their food isn't public school lunch bad, but it really should be 10x better for the price and what they claim/present themselves to be.\"All of our entrees are accompanied by sweet bread, an appetizer, salad or sorbet, vegetable, starch, our homemade breads, and dessert.\" Well that's good and all, but your prices are still exorbitant for the quality of food you serve. Smoked Sausage and Cheese: Smoked sausage, proscuitto ham, cheddar cheese, and havarti cheese. Served with French whole grain mustard and tomato bruschetta.-This was really just a couple slices of deli meats and some mediocre cheese. Chilled Strawberry Soup: Our signature soup. Strawberries, low fat yogurt, sour cream, white wine and a splash of wild strawberry liquor blended into a deliciously cool soup.-This was pretty good. Not amazing, but tasty and decent.Salads are pretty good. I especially like the one with candied walnuts and the ruby red vinaigrette. The greens are very clean, crisp, and fresh. Portabello Mushroom WellingtonA grilled portabello mushroom, rice, fresh spinach and herbal margarine wrapped in puff pastry, $23.95-Decent. I'd give this 3.5 stars. There's nothing bad to say about this dish, but it wasn't super-spectacular. If I had to come here again, I'd probably order this.The desserts are decent and standard fare (creme brulee, cheesecake, berry tart, pecan pie, etc) nothing amazing. Very nice decor, worthy of a special occasion or date. Unfortunately, the food is not up to par!", 2, 5], "W12XDSaoKtmLJUPesFZwYg": ["Yelp", "Inn at Taughannock Restaurant", "4/30/2010", "Everything about this meal was a huge yawn. They call this place Fine dining? Don't get me wrong, there was a little bit of taste, but utterly yawn throughout the entire meal. Four courses is a fine concept but the execution was poor.My issue is with the fine dining part. You can look the part but you better be able to put up and this place failed.If you go here, you will know what I mean.", 1, 1]}
{"C_jRvYFb4nDQa-cZI8kfnA": ["Yelp", " Arby\u2019s", "3/8/2018", "Sandwich was made very messily and the drive through worker was not friendly. But you get what you pay for here! Still would go when craving that roast beef and cheddar and curly fries!", 3, 0], "cx77Lp1cXpvnXvSovICdtg": ["Yelp", " Arby\u2019s", "6/25/2015", "The woman who took our order was super friendly and when the fries were taking longer than expected, she offered us a free milkshake for our wait. I was impressed by this small gesture and it went a long way in my eyes!", 4, 0]}
{"zKHXdNAK04mCmXn9aSYWwQ": ["Yelp", "Ctb Appetizers", "5/31/2017", "In town for their college graduation. My nephew highly recommend this place. The breakfast sandwiches were very delicious and the portion size was great. I would have given more stars except I'm not a fan of dining with animals. I think people (restaurant owners) should be more considerate of patrons who are allergic or not a fans of dining with animals.", 3, 1], "xVtMup1JXpcIfrCAa_ek6w": ["Yelp", "Ctb Appetizers", "10/23/2006", "CTB offers fairly good catering food, but beware of its price quotes. In our experience they bait and then switch pricing.  We were NOT happy with CTB's refusal to lower food charges even after we told them 2 weeks in advance that 20 people weren't able to come to our event, and the to add insult to injury, they increased their final invoice by over 12% for \"extras\" we reminded them about, such as salt and pepper shakers (?). Ask for a written contract in advance, but even then, expect to pay about 10-15% more as they \"pad\" the bill big time. Therefore, we DO NOT recommend them.", 1, 1]}
{"0DVwWsL3szTv5nhvqrj7Vg": ["Yelp", "Lou\u2019s Hot Dog Stand", "10/19/2016", "For $3 it is the best decision you will make all day....provided your expectation is hot dogs, sausages or chicken spiedie char-grilled.", 5, 1], "QMB4oK81Ix4gyIYxVZEhXw": ["Yelp", "Lou\u2019s Hot Dog Stand", "9/29/2016", "Damn good hotdogs but he's pretty damn political. Then again, it is Ithaca so no surprise there.", 5, 0], "KfAnhfrCPhO9WEfxIJoz8Q": ["Yelp", "Lou\u2019s Hot Dog Stand", "6/8/2013", "This unmarked hot dog station in the middle of the Commons right outside of Bank of America is an Ithaca fixture. They serve classic all beef, grilled, hot dogs with any of the following items kosher New York City sauerkraut, freshly grilled onions and peppers, spicy pepper relish, onions, classic pickle relish, Nancy's mustard, and of course ketchup and yellow mustard. They even have veal dogs, Italian pork sausages, and chicken spiedies (grilled chicken cubes in a hotdog bun -- spiedies are an upstate NY invention). I have tried all of these options and they are all fantastic, but I am a purest and love the kosher all beef dog with grilled peppers and a touch of sauerkraut the best. You can also purchase frito-lay bags of chips and bottled/canned drinks.He uses local wieners ...tee hee....from Hofmann's franks based out of Syracuse New York. Lou notes that he thinks that \"central New Yorkers prefer the grilled flavor to the classic New York city steamed or boiled hot dogs.\" This is why he switched to a gas powered grill in 2001. I can't agree more, I love the grill.Lou is super friendly, and he'll chat with you as he prepares your dogs. Its $2 per hot dog. One dog is a great snack, 2 dogs or 1 chicken spiedie is a great meal. I never \"plan\" to eat here as the hours are dependent on the wether, I usually see them while walking around the commons and can't resist.", 5, 7]}
{"W1jUWe8DyeYmmUZqxWr5YQ": ["Yelp", "Danby Gathery", "11/10/2018", "One of the best kept secrets in Ithaca, but really Danby. Great venue. Beautiful space. Hostesses was super easy to work with and accommodating. We hosted a Friendsgiving there and it was a great space to eat, hang out and a special room for the kids to play. Very lucky to have this in our community.", 5, 0]}
{"k5Dm4LeU_VInrA_sEsLtbw": ["Yelp", "Freddy\u2019s Diner", "5/23/2016", "This is a wonderful place for breakfast my family and i go there all the time the owner is a very nice person and the staff is always happy and wonderful to talk to. 5*", 5, 0], "zAwf_YkGyRL9m8tFJR7A9Q": ["Yelp", "Freddy\u2019s Diner", "1/10/2016", "The food was delicious! We chatted with the cook before leaving and he was so friendly and welcoming. The place has a great 1950's theme and has a spongebob fish tank the kids will love. Definitely going back again and again!", 5, 1], "tEmSUpx3DV5SxzD2z1FAQA": ["Yelp", "Freddy\u2019s Diner", "7/10/2014", "The menu is short and sweet with just your typical diner breakfast and lunch options. The staff is friendly and courteous. It's brightly lit with an assortment of 60's themed posters and music. This is a great stop for a quick sit down meal!", 5, 0]}
{"8R6iL1MskAlDkDZEHQao-g": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/25/2018", "Statler brunch is so good. Some of my favorites include the feta pepper salad, crispy potatoes, penne w vodka sauce and sausage, the daily meat (it was sirloin which had an awesome rub on it), the crepes and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e! Never disappointed and never left hungry!Don't forget to check out my profile!", 5, 0], "6xpjFlVe2nbOv7e7N_YMjw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/13/2018", "Absolutely a wonderful place. Friendly and attentive staff. The short ribs were amazing and honestly didn't have a bad or even mediocre meal here. A big plus is that you can bring your own wine from your room ... (we did).", 5, 0], "pqKZdfZEuB_nKqZupo4HMw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "8/13/2017", "A memorable dining experience. Went with my daughter and her husband to celebrate their anniversary, joined by my sister. We.had a reservation, were almost 15 minutes late, and were seated immediately. It was before the start of the academic year and was not crowded. The service was solicitous but not intrusive throughout the meal. For starters, which we shared, we had a Caesar salad, bruschetta, calamari, and four-cheese sachetti. All were excellent and rapidly devoured. Beverages included a Negroni, Lillet, a bottle of a Spanish Cava as a substitute for an unavailable Prosecco, and a glass of a Banfi Chianti Classico. The Cava was ordinary, the other drinks superior. Our entrees included a New York strip steak, salmon, both cooked perfectly to order, a shrimp scanpi, and a pasta Bolognese. Sides included grilled asparagus, green beans, a substantial helping of saut\u00e9ed mushrooms, and roasted potatoes. All the entrees and sides were delicious. Deserts included Tira Misu, a chocolate hazelnut semifreddo, and a divine almond ice cream with cherries. Luxurious. Be prepared to pay accordingly.", 5, 0], "ot7klMBmSze2fcEOpESHqQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "4/10/2017", "Had the homemade pappardelle with sausage and peas and it was delicious. My teen kids both had the chicken scaloppine and loved it. Glass of the Riesling was perfect. Overall a very pleasant evening.", 5, 0], "-G72BHdvzvVlQYk1RH_ShQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/23/2017", "Service - 5I'm not sure if the servers are all Hotel School students, but they do a great job. Very professional in handling stuff, they mind their business, and they are friendly. Food can take awhile to get there depending on the size of your party. This is probably a function of their kitchen more than servants. Food - 5I ate several times here and their appetizers and antipasti are awesome. Lots of different menu including a buffet. For the most part food is very good. Atmosphere - 5They have a variety of spaces from private rooms to small tables to cozy window single tables. I love the feel.Price/Value - 3I've never paid out of my own pocket while here. I can imagine it is somewhat overpriced given limited amount of competition and plenty of customers with deep pockets. However, the quality is definitely high, so even if a bit overpriced at least you are getting a good experience.", 5, 0], "qvUnSQkK-VSmG1MPP_s9iA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/9/2017", "Meh this place was ok but WAY over priced for what you are getting. The service was super slow too for being one of maybe 4 or 5 parties in the whole restaurant. Got the salmon dish which was pretty good. The truffle sauce really made it better. I DONT recommend the Brussels sprouts. I love good roasted brussel sprouts and will try them wherever I go but there's were soggy and bland. Tiramisu was pretty good though! Very soft and spongy with a good coffee flavor.", 3, 1], "q6AVWdW7NN-DhRi94AD_Ug": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "9/15/2016", "Cornell alum '07 came up for interviews and decided to eat inside the hotel at banfis. I used to never have a problem so I don't know if they've switched chefs but my squid ink linguini and clams were bad enough to warn others. The pasta was clumpy and the amount of salt was unpalatable. I ended up not finishing it and pleading with the waiter to talk to the chef about reevaluating the recipe.", 2, 0], "VLURWOQXtvjPuMLgyRLGsA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "8/30/2016", "Sunday brunch... overall, a great selection of food and everything was prepared well and tasted great. Service was hovering for beverages or anything we may have needed. Nice to see specific diet ingredients called out on certain foods -- like contains eggs, vegan, etc.Seating was roomy and the only real downside, as others have noted, is the pricing. As good as it is it just feels expensive for the overall location and value.", 4, 0], "50h88Xz59BO7A38oblGfdg": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "6/9/2016", "We came for a graduation dinner. The location was a little confusing. It's located in a building that looks more like apartments and there isn't clear signage. The food was delicious but we had someone in our party who was allergic to almonds and rosemary. Unfortunately almost everything had either almonds or Rosemary on it. It's especially bad because we had called ahead and pre-arranged a prix fixe menu so they knew about our allergies. We had a tense dinner because the mama bear in our party was not happy about our menu. The manager gave us half off the bill which was appreciated. I would have given them more stars because the staff was friendly and the food was good. Unfortunately allergies can be life threatening and are very serious.", 3, 2], "KjXKtyM_Iot1imPPI8egVQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "10/11/2015", "Had a great dinner with friends here-food is good but somewhat pricey. Our server was very attentive and polite.I had the scallops with angel hair pasta in caper butter. Delicious and richly indulgent. Dessert was a very good chocolate tort.", 4, 0], "Zqt1Ju4dWtqM9J6ASJcBvw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "9/6/2015", "As a parent of two Cornellians I have been coming to Banfi for years. The experience has been consistently good. The service and the food are great. And I like the list of finger lakes wines by the glass. My favorite entree is the short ribs which are unparalleled. I love to see the students working every aspect of this restaurant. And it is interesting to see the diversity from Hotelies to engineers. And they are all committed to delivering a quality experience. I have several stories to support this but they are too long to mention. Suffice it to say that you will be well fed and well taken care of. I can't wait to go back!", 4, 2], "fMDEcktwQ2zOsRrI-fxa4w": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "7/27/2015", "Wonderful food with generous portions, lovely dinner was had and it is fun speaking with the various students (from all the different undergraduate schools) who are working there.", 5, 0], "OA78jPYIep-KGl_m0QPg5g": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/10/2015", "At $45.00 per adult and $22.00 for kids with breakfast and lunch buffets in two different rooms, the set up was all over the place and a bit cumbersome. The food was fine and plentiful and the service was adequate. However, when it is pretty much self service and pretty pricey except for clean up and beverages, suggesting tips is pretty tacky. I was put off.", 3, 4], "zcuOKWdczMLzEH9TgT74mA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/8/2015", "Brunch is the best in town. Fresh food, well prepared, professional service.Please check out their menu before make a reservation because they rotated menu every weeks (they have 4 menu). I am also like their smoked salmon, too and also salad.", 5, 0], "U6AJJfJVQG0IBT2-ojQiLA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "4/9/2015", "This restaurant was so accommodating. We came here three times on our vacation not only because it was convenient, but also because they were so good. The food was delicious, the servers were on their game and kind, etc. They accommodated my gluten-free friends so well. All the food is great and I recommend the buffet if you eat breakfast there.", 5, 0], "qr8TXNWB6E-MB8rDh1ebeA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "3/27/2015", "Delicious weekend brunch, stocked with everything from pancakes to mini yogurt parfaits. My only reservation, is Banfi is overpriced for the quality capitalizing on visitors. Still it is one of the best restaurants in Ithaca and has very fresh and delicious fish dishes to indulge in for a classy dinner.", 4, 0], "8kZZgM5osBRmPGXcX6mgGQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/26/2014", "Ate here for a group meal where I didn't pay, so take this review that way. I had chicken scallopini over mashed potatoes that was delicious along with some good red wine. It seems like a typical, nice hotel restaurant. Good food, nice atmosphere, but likely pretty pricey.", 3, 0], "dwFiJROy-trU0rdXJwbB7A": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/5/2014", "Good food and good service, but high prices. If the cost was lower I'd give it 4 stars for taste and creativity. I appreciated that the server knew which entree was vegan, and which dishes could be made vegan upon request. I had a crespelle - basically a black bean crepe with quinoa and bean filling and some pesto and pea shoots. Good but not amazing.", 3, 1], "tzZsHcQqPk1ZEUg6U-qmaA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "6/14/2014", "My experience was disappointing. We waited a while for the drinks to be served, our server forgot to put in our appetizer order and my salmon was over cooked. We expected more.", 2, 1], "eQRWL4Z7SiC4Pf0QEa2MlA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/4/2014", "Excellent NY Strip steak and even better dessert menu", 4, 1], "yi01AQUEdUGZB8wHX4j_4A": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/24/2014", "Brunch!!! The brunch buffet at Banfis is phenomenal. The food is high quality and the restaurant offers an incredible selection of breakfast and lunch food. The service was also great. Definitely one of the best brunches I have had in my life. One time, my family was so impressed by the quality of food and service that we decided to dine at Banfis again that same night for dinner. It was hands down one of the best Italian restaurants I have eaten at in Ithaca. The food was delicious and the experience was very classy and enjoyable. I recommend Banfis as one of the top restaurants in Ithaca.", 4, 0], "OttYOlinrlTDAq-R5rNIcA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/6/2014", "Yikes, came here last night for drinks and dinner, but woke up this morning bloated bigger than Bruce Bogtrotter from Matilda. The salmon must have been marinaded in salt, pan-fried with salty butter and seasoned before serving with more salt. I have never tasted a more salty salmon. We sat in the lounge and had great friendly service from Cornell students, but alas, I have consumed a years worth of salt, and good service just couldn't make up for it.", 2, 3], "NBse9sU1LMsBR9NHdci9BQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/23/2014", "Have been here only for brunch, which is a reasonable Ithaca attempt at my favorite meal. As a brunch buffet you are faced with an array of brunch related foods that may or may not go with each other based off your choices. The best by far is the selection of desserts, which is the strength of the statler (when it comes to nothing else). It can be a great way to enjoy an all you can eat brunch with a terrific view, but if you're looking for a real brunch you're better off going to carriage house or mahogany grill.", 3, 0], "piCKzFJrAw-Fj42EX6dPAw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/7/2014", "Hands down one of the best Italian restaurants I have ever been to. The food is excellent. With an ever changing menu, the gourmet style dishes that taverna Banfi offers are always too notch. Personally, My favorite menu item is the short rib. Definitely recommend this restaurant if you are looking for an upscale Italian restaurant with great service too.", 5, 1], "xT8tIgDZM09_mQw3YPLMUw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/6/2014", "Taverna Bamfi has great food for dinner, but the brunch is severely lacking. I have been here twice for dinner and three times for brunch and every single time I am extremely disappointed with the brunch. The food is always lousy and just does not taste right. The dinner however is amazing, and I would recommend it to anyone wanting something more expensive in Ithaca (which has no fine dining whatsoever). It's not really that expensive either, but I guess since it is Ithaca people are more price sensitive.", 3, 0], "l9atFnhEEkScPa1ZxzpeRA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/3/2013", "As the only restaurant in the Statler hotel, you'll end up eating here if you stay in the hotel. The food is good and the service is attentive. The menu is a bit limited, but i doI enjoy the breakfast buffet.I'd give them another star except that the restaurant is a bit pricey for the cuisine they serve. Dinner for three, without alchohol, was over $150 last night. The breakfast buffet is $17 per person.", 3, 0], "M7_Kmn4vIjaOxOj_DOQcKw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "9/25/2013", "If you come here for the breakfast buffet you will really enjoy your meal. If you come here any other time you will pay a lot of money for mediocre food.Breakfast Buffet: For around $13 you can get the \"on the lighter side\" buffet. Now this is actually a pretty good deal because smoked salmon is in the \"on the lighter side\" section. Now the salmon is served in small portions on individual plates so you might feel self conscious if you take say 6 plates of salmon but I am not a self conscious person when it comes to enjoying myself at a buffet. Of course you should probably eat something besides smoked salmon (or not ... I won't judge), and yogurt pastries, fruit and various other \"cold\" items are also included in this less expensive option. If you fork over $20 you can add eggs, bacon, all sorts of sausages, potatoes, blinis and other hot items which are all quite good.Dinner: The gnochi is greasy, and the sauce lacks the right balance of salt, acid and sweetness. The actual gnochi itself is heavy and not the right texture. I have ordered a fish dish here that was over cooked and bland as well. I really have never been satisfied consuming any dish a la carte from this restaurant.", 3, 9], "3j7PiE7tRoBuTDlsmZd5YQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "6/5/2013", "First off the only thing keeping this from 5 stars is the price.The food here is amazing, seriously amazing and the lunch buffet is awesome! I love eating here but for someone who is always on a budget this is not a place I usually go if paying for a group. It was $18 for the lunch buffet. I've been to Florida resorts and paid less than that for just as good buffets, if not better. So that was a surprise but if you've got the money I'd definitely hit this up as it is one of the best places to eat on campus!", 4, 1], "jzILUQ4xv8Hay1wzIT4m3Q": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "12/26/2012", "My son is a freshman at Cornell. In all of Ithaca this is BY FAR the best place for a fine meal. The staff are composed of Students from the school of Hotel mngt. and they deliver only the best in satisfaction. The food is amazingly comparable to the service. they get it right in all ways and for all dishes.", 4, 3], "f_o1E5zL4wUWembX3KsP4g": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/13/2012", "I'm a bit torn between a 3 and 4 here. But, overall nothing has been terrible so I'll go with the higher star.I've been here a few times to enjoy the breakfast buffet and most recently came here for dinner with my girlfriend.The breakfast buffet has just about anything you could expect at a buffet. I remember everything being well stocked and looking fresh. The server was good about making sure we had plenty to drink and our plates were cleared quick enough.While the place gets very crowded for breakfast, dinner time seemed to be a totally different story. With so many restaurants, you'd expect the higher end restaurants in Ithaca to at least stand out, but none of them really do. Taverna Banfi is another OK \"high end\" dining establishment in Ithaca for dinner.The decor is nice and oddly with the lights dimmed it feels different enough from breakfast time. Service here was quick. And that's almost a bad thing. We arrived a little over one hour before the restaurant's closing time, and I could tell them really wanted to be out at closing time. How would they treat someone that came a half hour before closing? They weren't rude or pushy, but one course came out on top of the other and we didn't have time to fully finish each. Not a huge deal, but a couple extra minutes isn't going to kill you. Other than that service was ok. Our waitress didn't really seem to want to be there, but she was still attentive and friendly.The food is pretty good. Everything was cooked well and tasted good. I was a bit surprised at some of the things that had ran out of the menu, but I guess it happens from time to time. I was also surprised at how much push back they gave when my girlfriend had to substitute a few things to make it safe for her to eat. Just a bit odd when places trying to be high end say they can't possibly make something lactose free or substitute it in a way to make it safe.Overall it served it's purpose. We were tired after a long day and didn't want to go far for dinner. Staying in the hotel was a great convenience and we weren't disappointed. I don't expect much from many places in Ithaca and so when they're at least good I'm pretty happy.If you're at the hotel though, both breakfast and dinner here are quick, easy and satisfying.", 4, 0], "adcjn4AL_adscRQ4sDZqTg": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/4/2012", "Service was great. The food was not. We had steak which was fatty and poorly cooked. For $30 per steak we expected a lot better. Very disappointing.", 2, 0], "X8g_nDCiacBZcfm76T4iDQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/1/2012", "BREAKFAST. The breakfast buffet here is phenomenal.High-quality and locally-sourced ingredients. Savory bacon...baaaacon. The sausage is special, and the eggs are fairly good. Particularly impressive is the smoked salmon. I always go for smoked salmon when I'm anywhere in the great State of New York, it never disappoints. A good selection of fruit and plain yogurt to accompany it.At around $20 (less if you stick to cold items), this is one of the best breakfasts I've had anywhere. The fact that I get to enjoy it every single day I stay in Ithaca? Priceless. I went out on a later flight home just to enjoy one last meal in the city that is just plain gorges.I'll admit, I haven't been here for lunch or dinner in a long time, so the review doesn't factor that into account, but given my success breaking my fast in the morning I would expect them to be superlative at satiating someone any time of the day.", 4, 7], "NtfEZptAsq_b9sFc8-9uMQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/21/2012", "Taverna Banfi is A-OK. We entered on a Saturday morning after spending the night in the Statler Hotel. We just missed the breakfast buffet, and honestly, breakfast, but were told we could order off the regular menu. The host was not terribly hospitable, really, but perhaps our arriving as the buffet was being broken down was frazzling her. No matter, we got a terrific seat and were treated like royalty by the servers tending to our needs. The servers each would receive five stars if they could be rated separately from the restaurant: they were working hard, courteous, enthusiastic and clearly A students.We ordered buttermilk pancakes with blueberries, which came (slightly overdone and too brown, hence dried out) beautifully displayed with plenty of hot and juicy blueberries and a lovely arrangement of fresh fruit pieces and Cornell maple syrup; and a garden frittata, nicely done with garden goodness, basil, and mozzarella cheese mixed together for a delicious combination. The potato of the day though, sorry to say, gets two thumbs down. They appeared to be shoestring potatoes, but alas, they may well have been actual shoestrings. Beyond crispy, not good. Could be the slim pickins this late in the morning (11 o'clock-ish). Tea was very good, I add this because often, tea drinkers do not get proper service. The tea came with a darling little individual bottle of honey, very nice. Coffee was just what you might expect at an upscale restaurant.Now the music: the blasting, hideous piped-in music was awful to have to listen to. Really wrecked the atmosphere and beauty of a couple on a weekend get-away. Understandably, it was supposed to be in keeping with the Italian theme, but it did not make the cut. Something more subtle - and quieter - would have been a better choice. Perhaps it was more suitable for happy hour?In conclusion, while in Ithaca, I would suggest a different restaurant than the Statler Hotel's for breakfast. You can surely find breakfast for less than $40+ for two. The money you'll save can go towards a nice dinner somewhere else.", 3, 1], "7npWmfL_Q04_SOMogF_6zw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/16/2012", "Best buffet lunch EVER...or at least on campus. There is something about a buffet lunch that is simply irresistible--is it the prospect that you could literally eat until you burst at the seams, or is it the wide variety of options to choose from? Well, Taverna Banfi caters to both. There were six of us at our table for lunch today and our server (who was very friendly and attentive) didn't even have to hand out the menus before we all decided to hit up the buffet. Being just after noon, it was fairly crowded, but the staff did a great job of replacing/refilling everything as we passed through the line. The salad bar was stocked with fresh veggies and traditional salad items, as well as a pasta salad, a Greek cucumber and tomato salad, and a root vegetable salad. The entree line began with the soup of the day (French onion--YUM), followed by pasta, salmon, and veggie options, and a carving board with freshly-sliced pork tenderloin. And once you have stuffed yourself with all of that goodness, the desserts are literally icing on the cake. Creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, cheesecake, tarts, pies, mousse...it's almost too hard to choose amongst them. Yes, Taverna Banfi is a little pricier than what you would usually pay for lunch in Ithaca, but it's well worth it, so pull on your stretchy pants and eat enough to cover a few meals. And if you happen to be on campus on the weekend, Taverna Banfi's Sunday brunch buffet is TO DIE FOR. Be sure to bring an empty stomach.", 4, 2], "zdHOu8ZUDdvuCBhi20Adbg": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/6/2012", "The service was very good. I ordered the duck breast and loved it. Fiancee was not quite impressed with his beef short rib though. One of the better restaurants in town, but we did expect more for the price we paid (a glass of wine, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees came out to be around 120 or so). Overall I'd rate it 4/5.", 4, 1], "f2JwInocfZ3aA4eLxsti-g": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/20/2012", "The food was amazing. The service was awful. It is Cornell hotel students who serve you, and I expected better. When we showed us there was no one at the front to greet us and we had no idea where to go/ what to do. The waitress could not even tell us the soup of the day, she took forever to come talk to us, and was noticeably uncomfortable and shy the whole dinner. We were nice, relaxed and not in any rush so it was fine, but again I expected better from Cornell. I very much enjoyed the food it was Banfi's saving grace. Hats off to the kitchen.", 2, 0], "jiUlpaBcJXvg0G3X6NABUA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/12/2012", "Great customer service. I left my glasses on the table and was an hour's drive away. Without a question or money, they mailed them to me, carefully wrapped in bubble wrap. Good food too!", 4, 1], "UMiEqStRSX_Ff76wOQV7pQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "3/31/2011", "This is the only restaurant I've ever visited where your waiter/waitress actually ASKS if you have anything that you're planning on doing afterwards so they know what kind of time schedule you're on while they're serving you! My husband and I were so impressed by this.Another plus: the free valet parking.", 3, 2], "mA-AAs5-iylDvG1mUgAFbA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "2/12/2011", "I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.I went here for Sunday buffet brunch with my friends. Note: This was during the summer, so items may be different than during the school year. There was a surprising variety of items from cold salads to \"hot\" breakfast items. Quantity over quality, though. Cons: The breakfast items were lukewarm. The chicken sausage was overly salty. The waffles had been left covered in the steam tray, so they lost their crispy exterior and became soggy. The carved beef was dry and a bit cold. The pancakes were mushy. The eggs were rubbery. There was a tray of pretty desserts that were forgettable in taste, except that they were too sweet and had a strange plastic, artifical aftertaste.Pros: Cheese platter. Smoked salmon. Capers. Wild mushroom salad. Italian sliced meats. Crisp Caesar salad with real anchovy in the dressing. Mini-bagels. Several different kinds of jams and cream cheeses (though not freshly made; they were pre-packaged). Free orange juice. Wonderful tea. Attentive service.With tax and tip, the total came to around $30 per person. Taking the entire experience into consideration, the packaging is nicer than the gift inside. Like any other buffet, it's only worth it if you can eat a lot.", 3, 0], "OIBHke7HzaiISe1-9l7F-Q": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "5/9/2010", "Sneaky good, private...great lunch buffet, great for bringing in family from out of town", 4, 0], "aCJm2p1gezPRSMJopH-Omw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "1/23/2010", "It used to be really good when I was an undergrad, but when I went back a year or two ago, it had devolved into an expensive Olive Garden.", 2, 3], "7glbxsKdAq-4KaXZHEKOHQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "9/16/2009", "This lunch was for a group but was very nice. The vegetable and polenta side were delicious. The chicken breast was just moist enough so I was able to finish it. The dessert was awesome apple tart! The portions were perfect and I was energized for all the meetings to come. Not sure about the price since I was here for an event.The layout is nice for private meetings.", 4, 2], "vd04lrUCrMLke-cNmfyNWQ": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/18/2008", "Largely, I agree with the previous reviews, their complaints, and their compliments. If you are on Cornell's campus as a visitor of some kind and are thus more or less limited to the campus proper, or if you are meeting visitors, this is pretty much the place to take them. Out of my affection for Ithaca and its dining scene, I'd question the statement that this is \"one of a few 'fancy' restaurants\" in town. No, there might not be as many as in, say, San Francisco, but I can think of a good handful, and for a town of Ithaca's size, what more would you expect? If you want fancy, or are looking to impress someone, and can make it to John Thomas or The Heights, by all means do so. But Banfi's will work in a pinch if you are on campus.I've only been for dinner once, and I suppose the conditions predisposed me to having a positive experience regardless...it was free, on the tab of some alumni. The food, in my opinion, was quite good; I started with a goat cheese, prosciutto, and apricot flatbread, followed by the duck two ways (confit and roasted breast), and finished with a flourless chocolate torte. No complaints here, everything was as expected and delicious, with no errors in preparation or presentation. I'm not sure what I was thinking ordering duck confit in a Tuscan restaurant, but it turned out well. My tablemates had varying experiences: several were less than impressed with the strip steak, one approved of the rack of lamb, and another raved about that night's Chilean sea bass special. I've also heard concensus reports from others that their gnocchi and pasta dishes are excellent, and I would generally say that, given the theme of the place, these would always be safe bets. The wine list was extensive, and the server, while a student (yes, this is at a university, to those of you who seem surprised by this), was very knowledgeable. I will say that the service was EXTREMELY slow even though there was not much of a crowd. I don't know what they were doing in the kitchen but they were doing it slowly. Prices were generally high, expect to pay a lot for not much food.So you may be wondering why four stars at this point, and I hope I haven't lost the readers' attention. Because, the reason for those four stars, a reason which none of the previous reviewers have mentioned, in fact the true reason why Banfi's is even popular within the student community, is the Sunday brunch. This is one of Cornell's true gems, and attending is in fact is one of the 161 things every Cornellian should do (you have to charge it to Cornellcard for it to count though!). Every other possible experience you could have here pales in comparison to this.Brunch is held starting at 11 AM each Sunday. Depending on what's going on on campus, you might want reservations, or the place might have been booked 2 years ago (homecoming, graduation, etc). Most weekends it's no big deal. You walk in, they show you to your table, and they let you at it. Service isn't an issue this time, because all they are doing is clearing out the plates as fast as you can mow through them. Cost is $20 per person; for $9 you can add a bottomless champagne flute if it's after noon and you want to have some fun. The selection of foods is vast, and covers the gamut of basically all the breakfast and lunch foods you could expect. In the center is a wide selection of cold salads, usually including things such as a buffalo mozzerella and tomato salad, a salmon and caper salad (delicious), couscous salads, and a whole bunch of other constantly changing selections. To the right are the cold breakfast foods, including a full selection of pastries, bagels, flavored spreads, fresh fruits, yogurt, a good selection of imported cheeses, smoked salmon, and peel-and-eat shrimp. For the hot selections, there are usually about six breakfast choices, including belgian waffles, pancakes, excellent sausages, grits, eggs, and the usually. Additionally, there are usually about five lunch entree selections, which in the past have included four cheese ravioli with vodka sauce (very good), mahi mahi with red pepper sauce, bouillabaisse, carved lamb, and prime rib. Dessert is the best part, as I usually eat enough to make back the cost right there. There are usually about six selections, and if the concept of all-you-can-eat creme brulee doesn't strike your fancy, I don't know what will. Overall, the variety is very good, and the quality is excellent. This is what they are famous for and they go all out for it. So, in short, go for brunch, you won't be disappointed.", 4, 5], "65E5QmR5zlJwhzHJkoDudw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "11/9/2007", "Don't go here for dinner. From what I hear, students prepare the dinner, professionals prepare the lunch. I had overpriced, oversalted dinner here once. Never went for dinner again. Lunch is a different fish. Uneven, yes, so you need to know what to order. I had a superb pasta bolognese here. Among the best I have had any place. And a good nicoise too. Decor is not nice. A place to take your parents rather than your date.", 3, 0], "J9A9AM7zAPf0Ab5NAEbuSA": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "9/12/2007", "I keep on saying how much I avoid hotel restaurants but sometimes I am just plain lazy. When I 3 star a hotel restaurant I only have myself to blame, right? I had higher expectations for Taverna Banfi, given that they are part of Cornell's hospitality program. Shame on me. My husband thought that it was equivalent to a training hospital- you are getting people who are being schooled in whatever service, not the already trained. Our waitress wasn't below average, but she missed a few opportunities to deliver.  Maybe she had too many tables. Maybe she is new to waiting tables. I told her that I wanted entrees had the most regional or local ingredients (hey, they claim on the menu that the use local ingredients where possible).  I asked her where the scallops were from- she went to ask the chef. Never did get any feedback on what was more local. I don't need Maine lobster if I'm just coming from Boston. It took forever to get a glass of water or our check. The dining room wasn't that busy- 6 tables for 3 servers, so I can't account for the lag in service. Should have just taken my lazy a** down the hill to Hot Truck, esp. if I wanted to save money or if not, just to some other full service restaurant in college town.", 3, 0], "T7znri46VLiT8Fjcosl7Mw": ["Yelp", "Taverna Banfi", "6/28/2007", "taverna banfi is one of a few \"fancy\" restaurants to be found in ithaca. i waited until graduation weekend to eat here, so i could show off the classiness of cornell to my family. food was good, service was entertaining and it was my first time ordering alcohol. i'm pretty sure i wasn't oohing and ahhing over it, but how exciting!the most memorable part of our evening at banfi was when our student server took the check from the table and was so eager to find out how much we tipped, that the receipt flew out of the folder and he had to run back and get it before anyone noticed. but we all did. too cute.", 4, 5]}
{"0DMeo_ho6DFjXjSjf0Figw": ["Yelp", "Bingo\u2019s Food Truck", "9/1/2017", "Really good burger. Pretty cheap. My girlfriend says the tots are really good. The man in the truck was very nice. Highly recommend.", 5, 0], "sYif1idwRa9R2EbUwrVDfA": ["Yelp", "Bingo\u2019s Food Truck", "7/15/2017", "Fantastic pulled pork and the $1 tots were a great deal. Portion size was reasonable. Super cool truck. Awesome flashing lights. Slightly overpriced.", 4, 0]}
{"P7JlfedAeOv5kSxU-P-1jQ": ["Yelp", "Cayuga Lake Cruises", "5/29/2014", "Kinda fun and relaxing if you're with a group, but not all that impressive.Food was incredibly limited. They put out some chicken wings which were not enough to serve the entire boat. When they ran out of it, they brought out some flatbread which the servers only handed out to a few people. They have a bar on the lower level with a decent menu (given how small it is) but will obviously be pretty pricey.Cayuga Lake is pretty scenic from a distance, but it just doesn't look all that great when you're on a boat. The water was very dirty for half of the trip, and by the time we got into some clear water, the boat turned around and went back toward the dock. You also won't see much, unless you enjoy looking at lake houses.", 3, 0], "nead3Z8PiwwB1U5pDBdMyw": ["Yelp", "Cayuga Lake Cruises", "9/11/2011", "Being on the lake is beautiful and it's fun to see the sights, but the food is awful. why in the land of an abundance of organic local food is there none of it on the menu? pre-cut baby carrots? yuck, how about some local roasted or sauteed veggies? and homemade desserts. the soup was waaaaay too salty. and Ithaca Bakery rolls would have been nice instead of the ones that come in a box from your distributor. there's no excuse for not having better food, it's harvest time here! If I ever am persuaded to go again it will be for cocktails or wine only! At least they do offer some local wines.", 3, 2]}
{"I-_rp1k8tFcXOs_9oNZgBA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "2/24/2019", "Paid $40 for 2 subs and an order of broccoli bites. It took nearly an hour and a half for them to deliver and when it finally arrived, the sausage sub was dry and served on stale bread with just a few peppers and onions on top. I could barely choke it down, but we were starving after waiting for so long. The cold sub was ok, bread was fresh, but there was a pile of peppeoncini's on it that still had the stems! The broccoli bites were ok, but barely any broccoli and way, way, way overpriced ($9/6).  I will not be ordering subs from them again.", 2, 0], "FqqLNoR3IdTpRD2fqEKOHQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "2/8/2019", "It took over 2 hours to get my pizza. When I called they said that they had a big order (an hour ago). No apologies, nothing. When I got the pizza it was hot and seemed like it had been reheated, as it was overcooked and little chewy. I liked their pizza, but I won't order again. When I looked up their reviews, I see that my experience is not uncommon.", 1, 0], "Aa6bW2jtd7oZ0I-iO0ZP9w": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/26/2019", "Their wings are good. They taste better than their pizza, though their pizza is decent. My main complaint is that they are extremely expensive in my opinion, for not-too-good pizza. I would recommend pizza somewhere else.", 3, 0], "vdt1oxqS6OQbpIoW6-8NGg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "12/15/2018", "Stopped in for lunch after our sons graduation- food is delicious! Lasagna has sausage, plenty of gooey cheese and flavorful sauce. Pizza is excellent and the chicken Parm was fantastic. Highly recommend", 5, 0], "JMdTD2ilkcUr-dRxr6cZWQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "10/20/2018", "The best New York pizza we have ever had. Great customer service. You will not be disappointed!", 5, 0], "9HomoK4RJ2OIMwXbFwiOFg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "8/7/2018", "I placed the order on July 29 and paid on line but no receipts provided. When I called the restaurant for receipts, they asked me to check with Yelp. Who should I talk to?", 1, 0], "Jolz6_jR2-LZfsek4nOIHQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "8/4/2018", "Napoli is my go-to pizza place in Ithaca. I've only dined in, so I can't comment on their delivery, but the service has always been fast and accommodating. The pizza is consistently excellent, with a crispy crust and a good balance between cheese and sauce. I've tried sausage, pepperoni, and other toppings on the pizza, but I preferred the cheese pizza a lot more. I eat at Napoli practically every week and have had nothing but good experiences.", 5, 0], "4m8DXcbMI1huU_CrJk6PdA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "7/7/2018", "I hate that I have to even give them 1 star. My experience with this restaurant was absolutely ridiculous and I will never order from this establishment again. I waited an hour and a half for a pizza that was completely incorrect. When I called the restaurant to let them know the order was wrong I was told that they would not refund me the cash I paid the delivery driver. They claimed EatStreet deals with all refunds, even though I had clearly not paid EatStreet. I have used this ordering service many times I almost always pay cash and know that is not the rules. I ask to speak to the owner and he was rude, practically screaming at me and refusing to work with me on the refund. He claimed he would \"Refund me $1, or give me store credit for a free topping\" for a pizza that wasn't missing a topping, but was made completely wrong. At this point I am arguing with the OWNER about food that was sent to me wrong. I have never in my life been talked to by the owner of a company or restaurant in that way. He was completely unprofessional, hard to deal with, and clearly very careless about how he runs his establishment. After everything he finally agrees to give me a refund. When I asked when I would be receiving it back to me his response was \"I don't know. Whenever we get around to it. Whenever we have time to drop it off\". Upon finishing the phone call I call customer service through EatStreet to confirm they don't refund cash paying customers. The woman agrees and say's all cash paying customers must be refunded by the restaurants they paid. Napoli's has been on EatStreet long enough to know the policy for refunds. They are cheap, trying to get away with keeping customers money for orders that were wrong. I just want to make sure no one else has to endure this horrible customer service and avoids an experience like that. Although, if you enjoy poorly made food that isn't at all what you ordered, and liked to be screamed at by owner of the restaurant. This is absolutely the place for you!", 1, 0], "z9YQcGLESySmuZKtNZiowA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "5/10/2018", "We ordered 4 16\" thick crusts and 6 sheets for an out of town team. We did it blindly from Yelp, and was very happy with the results. It was some of the best we have had, and we have eaten plenty in many different towns. The toppings were delicious and overloaded on the think crust, not the usually cheese bread we got most places. The sheet pies were cooked all the way through with a flaky, but crispy crust. Really good food...", 5, 0], "5VonCAL_3Pda9_UtW30_dA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "2/28/2018", "Pizza is awesome. Delivery sucks.It's been the past three times that we've waited 90+ minutes for delivery. We ordered a little earlier today, at 4:50pm, hoping we would get our food on time........it's been over 2 hours and they are less than one mile away.", 3, 0], "LpsaBJCFOWNgdm9BhHqPZQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/29/2018", "Since the pizzeria changed hands the quality food and service have suffered. Once known for good pizza and best wings in Ithaca, they are now so-so at best. Service slow and the owner is rude. There are better options in Ithaca.", 2, 0], "Q6f3FbhySKl4qWGk5FginA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "11/10/2017", "I absolutely adore the pizza from here. I re-downloaded this app just to write a review. Their pizza is amazing! It's cooked just over, which makes it crunchy and the crust super awesome. It isn't overloaded with cheese, and the toppings are good quality! The staff was really nice, as well. Definitely recommend!", 5, 0], "-y09dC5XL6j2q21eUMkWbA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "9/15/2017", "Mediocre, sometimes bland! Nothing special. Simple pizza, sauce. Wings blah, okay, I ate them. Everyone uses Ithaca bakery so it's her hard to find a good sub in I Town.", 3, 1], "Dpt9JUq3F9pyPVWYxe2Agg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "3/8/2017", "I live nearby and have ordered here few times. Their pizza is not bad, but not great either. It's somewhere in the middle. I ordered a take-out pie 45 minutes ahead of time and they were still late. Also, i ordered a cheese slice, but received a pepperoni. Not sure why. I also think it's kind of pricy at over $20 for a large cheese pie.", 2, 1], "OttoGyxoCeX8htL35zCoSw": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "2/11/2017", "Classic upstate NY pizza. Best I've found in Ithaca. Friendly staff and pickup orders are always on time.", 5, 0], "_q1q45G_trOk3kt3smCNPg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "9/29/2016", "Great pizza...horrible management. My order took an hour and half plus, it was promised at 45-60. When I called to cancel the order the manager screamed at me to never ever order with them again...no problem. Sorry you can't hold my dinner hostage and then get mad at me.", 1, 2], "m9MBCsM5NruB_lrKSUwi0Q": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "5/25/2016", "Their sheet specialty pizza's are something else!  Napoli Pizzeria is a real novelty run by hard working and nice people. Their Napoletano pizza is the best 'everything' pizza I have had. Boy do I miss it! Not only do the staff serve great food, but they are very courteous. Once, they even gave me a free drink when my order was slightly delayed. Kudos!", 5, 0], "H17vSbkJhfcoi8Dfp5HkJw": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/23/2016", "I ordered a plain pizza and the garlic chicken parmesan. The pizza was fine - the closest thing to NY pizza you'll get in Ithaca. But why was a 12\" pizza over $12? This is the usual price I've seen for a regular 16\" pizza. We're not in NYC - oddly overpriced for the location. As for the chicken, it had a lot of potential. The flavors were robust but way too salty. Additionally, the chicken was very dry, and the breading came off very easily. If I wasn't hungry or had something else to eat, I probably would not have finished the chicken once I tried it. Cook the chicken in such a way that it does not feel like sand in my mouth, maybe reduce some of that salt, and I may try it again. This dish was also weirdly overpriced. An entree that is normally around $13 was $17 at Napoli. Overall, food was OK - not totally inedible, but definitely not worth the price nor the drive down to pick it up.", 2, 2], "4EKx1pwtpFI8MXtLml6ZDA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/10/2016", "Where to begin? The very question I proposed after we got home and opened our cheese with feta, shrooms, and spinach from Napoli Pizzeria!I placed my order by phone, and my pie was waiting for me 20 - 25 minutes after my call. When we entered the establishment, the female who was standing by the closed entrance moved closer to one of their counters to greet us with a smile on her face and to ask if we were going to dine-in or place an order to go (which I now know to just come in and do next time since they're clearly faster than the time they estimate for pick-ups....at least on slower days).Before diving into our 16\", I was almost amazed by how our order looked compared to the pics here. I've had pizza with too much feta. And even though I don't complain, I get that little voice going, \"this is too salty.\" Not with Napoli's. There's just enough to complement the mozzarella underneath so they can mix the right way in your mouth with the green-flecked tomato sauce. And because of the veggies we chose, I HAVE to mention the look of our pizza's surface; it wasn't soggy-looking from the water that is often released when cooking with fresh spinach or mushrooms. But they weren't overcooked either; the greens were dark but bright (like when you steam them for 10 or 12 minutes), and the mushrooms were still plump to the bite.I definitely need to start toggling between these guys and Pizza Aroma. I was a little bummed that Aroma wasn't opened today, but after my first taste of Napoli's, I felt kinda lame for waiting so long to give 'em a try.", 4, 0], "poQNuZBOTsT-7hR0pkjrxQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "10/17/2015", "After waiting an hour and a half for a slice of pizza and 10 wings. The pizza was cold and like cardboard. Wings room temperature. I paid for extra blue cheese and did not get any. The said they could not refund the money. And said they would deliver it. It has been another hour nothing. They used to have the best wings in Ithaca.", 1, 1], "AGaM9rKNTNXni3LXyIYBnA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "8/5/2015", "I grew up in Ithaca and would always stop by here with my dad for pizza. Just stopped by recently after visiting Ithaca college, and it brought back great memories. The price was decent, food was delicious, but most importantly the staff was so incredibly nice. We were waited on like a restaurant and our drinks were even refilled for us. Highly recommend this place", 5, 0], "5RRb0MDgM4OwK0J0tmROqw": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "7/19/2015", "To the owner...on the night of 7/19/2015 I received the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. The \"manager\" a guy and woman both working around 10 pm are the worst representation of your business. While I thoroughly enjoy your food I will NEVER be ordering from Napoli again. When concerns are brought to your staffs attention they do not value the customer. When my delivery was over 2 hours I received no communication. When I called to check in on the order the woman on the phone abruptly stated that it was already on its way. She did not ask my name or order number to confirm that she knew what order I spoke of. When the food finally arrived items were cold and some were missing. Communication with your staff about these issues were rude, degrading and quite frankly an embarrassment to your establishment. No compasation or replacement was made for missing PAID for items. I gave your business free money to receive horrendous service. TO THE PUBLIC...do not waste your money here unless you want your pizza with a side of ridicule.", 1, 0], "uu3bKDhkpPIguxvCLaMUrg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "7/19/2015", "Wish I could give zero stars. i have ordered food from here numerous times with bad service but this last time takes the cake.This was the worst Service experience of my life. The food took almost twice as long as the estimated time of delivery. And I never recieved a call to let me know what was taking so long. The food was cold. Items were missing from the order, the drink size was wrong. Ingredients were missing from my toppings, and when I called the store to let them know what had happened I was laughed at, moched and treated like dirt by what sounded like a high school cheerleader with chewing gum in her mouth too busy to actually formulate real words. When I got the manager on the line(who also sounded like a pimple ridden teen) he TOO had the nerve to moch me, and then hung the phone up. I couldnt believe it. In all my years I've never experienced worse service. Made fun of over the phone?... Really? Maybe hit the mute button next time so I cant hear you talk trash about me. I will never go here or order from here ever again and I definitely recommend you steer clear of this place. Unless you like to pay for things and not recieve them. Then be ridiculed for being upset. (To the owner... You should consider restaffing or youll continue to have complaints like this from innocent customers. )", 1, 0], "RH5NkSgWsv-FS1nz0n4n8g": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "5/27/2015", "I grew up on Napoli's; I have loved this pizza forever, it is the standard on which I judge other pizzas. I was very concerned back in the day (way back) when the Leo sold the place to another individual, I thought the quality would decline and so forth, but it didn't, it was still the same delicious-ness that it always was... however...I believe there are new owners, the pizza is still okay, but I would bet all the money I had that they changed the sauce - and that's what I have loved the most - so I will move on to another and my lifetime love affair with Napoli's ends with this visit. Still good, just not what I grew up on... oh well...", 4, 0], "ThWffYk3noF3kxVqIOcBGg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "3/26/2015", "Delivery order - wings, white garlic pizza with meatballs and onions. Fast delivery. I asked for plates, flatware, and napkins - they provided plenty. The wings were amazing! Plenty of Blue Cheese dressing was provided as well. The pizza is brooklyn level. Thank you!", 4, 1], "djVcm8mqCjI_5KkFDdN1iQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/15/2015", "Really bad delivery service, bad pizza, average wings.I live within a mile of this place and it took nearly an hour and a half to deliver a small cheese pizza and wings. They charged extra for blue cheese, and forgot to include it! And they didn't answer their phones when I tried to report this to them.Their food isn't very good anyway. Don't bother with this place.", 1, 2], "ToAQ7m6uCgOww1VwkQvDmg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/11/2015", "In the never-ending quest for good pizza in Ithaca, we stopped at Napoli for pizza and wings. The location was hidden in the basement of an apartment/office building, with very limited parking. It felt more \"Carry out\" than \"eat in\".We took advantage of the large pizza and 10 wings special, and ordered two sodas as well. The wings arrived first and were breaded and not particularly great, and to top it off, bleu cheese was $1+ extra, and they didn't have celery. Yes, the pizza did have a thin crust, and was edible, better than several places in town. Other than that, it was unremarkable. For the price ($30 plus tip), I'd go elsewhere.", 2, 0], "Xh4nSS0xQIlY7sLgdagf2w": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "12/20/2014", "Pizza is a very good thin crust NY Neapolitan style. Italian food is good. Don't order the fish sandwich. I think they don't sell enough of them to keep them from getting old in the freezer. I've never seen it very busy so it's quieter and less crowded than most places in ithaca.", 4, 0], "Wo74fyAAI0HioFKzIKfb4w": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "12/4/2014", "I have to say, I was a little thrown off by the fact that this pizzeria is at the bottom floor of some office building. I've come to associate a good NY slice with hole-in-the-walls located in dense urban settings, so yes, I was pleasantly surprised that the pizza here was very comparable to what I have come to expect in the City. The crust was thin AND chewy, which is a combination I have a real hard time finding in the pizzeria on the west coast. To top it off, the service was outstanding. Though orders are taken and paid for at the register, it seems they deliver orders to your table as common practice.", 4, 2], "6UVAd-ejqowWusPMWY2LmQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "11/7/2014", "The pizza here is a step above mediocre. Although, it's probably one of the better ones in Ithaca. I always order delivery so this will be heavily biased in the delivery aspect. On a few deliveries they've forgotten items of my orders. In my most recent one, I had to cancel the order because after an hour of ten minutes, my pizza was not even being made. They said it would still be awhile. There was no indication of this anywhere and not even an apology was offered. To reiterate, pizza is good for Ithaca (but mediocre anywhere with decent pizza), and the delivery service is severely lacking.", 2, 0], "YirJQlC8_2yZrmRIu8y_PA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "2/17/2014", "Why all the good reviews about this pizza??? I ordered a 12 inch pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni, and basil. The base of the pizza was hard and difficult to chew. Also, I don't think they added extra cheese because it could have been a lot cheesier. I ordered the garlic knots as well. Nothing special about them either. The marinara sauce it came with was greasy and bland. This place definitely does not carry the best pizza in Ithaca. I won't be returning.", 2, 4], "tZ2IWJ58CQaNJnUiZ8wfrA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "12/29/2013", "I worked for this company when I was young when they were at their previous location about 50 yards away. To this day I have not found a better slice of pizza or inhaled a better chicken wing. After being away from Ithaca for about 10 years I went back to find Joan was still working there. She is a trooper. If you are passing through or have ever thought about stopping while driving by, I would highly recommend doing so. I dream of this place every now and then and its the first place I visit when I'm home!", 5, 0], "0jjcV1Q4hywiEmDCZANClA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "8/10/2013", "good pizza, better than the few other places i've tried around here. fried cauliflower was tasty too. incredibly fast delivery and friendly driver. only negative I would mention is that for what you get, a plain 12\" is a little pricey.", 4, 0], "u9gxYtQcH8cylNmMItreZQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "7/19/2013", "I agree with one of the previous reviewers. The pizza was thin crust and very solid. One of the better places in Ithaca for sure. However, the wings...not good at all. Pretty simple: pizza good, wings bad.", 3, 3], "57RDF-N_9z5HOXAyaWvjhw": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "6/6/2013", "Solid thin crust pizza (maybe the best in Ithaca). Its better than Sammy's or Ameritalia, it would be worth a 4th star if it weren't for their wings (not so good).", 3, 0], "B8DcNx2ikv3izAqucB1lbQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "8/21/2012", "Best wings in Ithaca! They are huge! The pizza and calzones are good too, but I go here for the wings. And they have beer on tap served in frosted glasses or frosted mugs. Highly recommended!", 5, 4], "0_5oDis7uTTS-LhSpL8oWg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "7/20/2012", "I'm surprised by the low rating for this pizzeria. I enjoyed my order here so much! Being vegan, I eat pizza with no cheese unless they have vegan cheese and I wanted to try their pizza because someone recommended it to me. So I ordered a slice without cheese and they made a new pie to just cut out a slice for me! Customer service gets even better. They serve it to you at your seat! Give you the napkins, utensils, plates and ask if you want to drink anything. It was a restaurant style pizzeria but you order at the front. The pizza was amazing. Their sauce had the best mix of spices. I couldn't figure out the ingredients! I was surprised by their crust too - thin and crunchy. How perfect. I also ordered the garlic knots and it had a light crunch on the outside and soft with a light chew on the inside. Enjoyable. I prefer it to be in the oven a little bit longer but not bad. It came with a good amount of sauce too. Some pizzerias are cheap on the sauce but they weren't.", 4, 4], "FPqN11uPdgAGNH5ozQdYvA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "6/11/2012", "Napoli Pizza has the dubious honor of being the ONLY restaurant I've ever left wings behind at. Throw in the fact that this was after bar hopping with one of my best friends and you get an idea how shitty the food was. The wings had a wet greasy coating around them and were doused in vinegar flavored hot sauce. My friend did finish his slice of pizza.", 1, 5], "wuEBHNkm8X8Aujntr-JTDw": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "4/11/2012", "There's nothing like finding a good place to pick up a hot slice and a Coke. I went to Napoli's after checking out Yelp and was rewarded with just what I was looking for - two perfectly cheesy slices with a tangy tomato sauce and a nice crisp crust. The lunch special with two slices and a soda is $4.50 and hit the spot. I'll definitely return when I'm back in town.", 4, 3], "6A2aZGFYZAD1I-dTKWruag": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/29/2012", "The pizza at Napoli's is overpriced, and they are extremely stingy with the toppings. The pizza has potential--the crust is thin, crispy, and chewy with a good flavor--if they would just be more generous with the sauce, cheese, and toppings. My pizza was practically naked. Not only was there hardly any cheese at all, but the toppings and cheese didn't extend to the rim of the crust, so there was a lot of wasted space at the edges of the pizza that was just bare crust with a slight smear of tomato sauce. Because of the nakedness of the pizza, I was still hungry afterwards.Also, the paintings on the wall are nice, but the carpet could be a little cleaner.On the plus side, the waitstaff are very friendly and nice.", 2, 4], "Ea0qkiHfikhWRPQccwcksQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "9/27/2011", "They have excellent pizza. The place is kind of a dump and there are usually flies flying around.... but I can look past that for good food. After Sals, this is my go to place for pizza in Ithaca. The sauce is a bit much; I just ask for light sauce. I don't eat wings but my dad claims they are the best he's ever had. They certainly are very large and meaty.", 4, 3], "fjogYEVGeqcpGFSookMZcg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "5/9/2011", "Pizza was alright. I don't agree at all that it's the best in Ithaca by any means. As tasty as the appetizers sound on paper, it's just a bunch of frozen crap thrown in a deep fryer (which by the taste and color, hasn't been cleaned in quite a while). You're better off going to Wegmans and buying some frozen mozzarella sticks and a pizza and doing it yourself. Definitely not worth the money. At the end of my meal I wished that I had gone to Ameritalia instead, or just skipped dinner all together.", 2, 3], "WZYvgtWEyR-Um701qKlUDg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "3/27/2011", "Even though we stopped a Sammy's delivery guy who told us Sammy's was the best pizza in Ithaca (go figure!), we decided to try Napoli based on appearance, and were glad we did.The atmosphere is like that of an Italian social club, TVs aglow with soccer and/or basketball and sharing long tables with other diners (in our case). The waitress was friendly and helpful.This old school pizza was near perfect...great cheese, tasty sauce and a good crust. We're going back tonight!NB We didn't have the wings but a lot of others in the restaurant did. They are SWIMMING in sauce, just so ya know.", 4, 6], "UjN02m0hoOP9qxKMMUtK7Q": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "1/11/2009", "Napoli makes really good pizza, I'm not a big wing fan but there wings are ok. They are in a building right next to Domino's if I had to choose between the two I would choose Napoli ten to one! My family has been eating at Napoli since I was a little girl. I don't think the old owners were grumpy like the guy before me said you just have to know them and their character! Even the new owners are very friendly, they make it a point to know the regulars. This is a family oriented place.", 4, 4], "OKO7dHzV-ODAZTMYRgmR2Q": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "10/20/2008", "Not only is Naoplis the best pizza in Ithaca, it could quite possibly be the best new york style pizza in the country. Recipe hasn't changed in 20 some odd years. Delivery can be a little slow but why get delivery when it's within walking distance from the commons, easy parking, in-and-out. Everyone who works there is great. Have awesome wings - meaty and spicy. I've had more than my fair share of pizza and so many of them have the same taste. The sauce on Napolis pizza is unique and hard to replicate. It stands alone.Only problem with this place is leftovers, doesn't reheat well. But then again, why would there be leftovers?", 4, 4], "ofNGhHdhpfAV7iA8VvngdA": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "10/6/2008", "Napoli has my favorite Buffalo wings in Ithaca. Very meaty, and the sauce is straight-up - nothing too fancy or gourmet. Satisfies the craving after having lots of imitators.", 3, 0], "FX-zGn-42cMgBIOw4Tk_eQ": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "6/12/2008", "Crabby owners back in the late 80's-early 90's. Wings were breaded and meaty and the pizza was average at best.", 3, 4], "AoYWEXkgYfpMkCUt206bUg": ["Yelp", "Napoli Pizzeria", "4/8/2008", "The pizza is a little heavy on the sauce in my opinion, but still good.The wings are well done in my opinion, although I haven't had that many wings in my lifetime. They have a good blue cheese dipping sauce, and they give you plenty of it.", 3, 0]}
{"MgiiNbq0y4K0OBWmQXv8pg": ["Yelp", "Fork and Gavel Cafe", "9/16/2013", "Eggs & Toast with Sausage and Homefry: Such salty oily overcooked black mush for coal miners. This costs me more than $5! Well, rich American loves unhealthy food. And, Sausage is not a real sausage but a piece of burger meat. Bagels:   Bagel with Butter and Jam: Nice but costly.   Bagel with Avocado and Tomato: Nice with a piece of orange.There are many kinds of bagels you can choose from.Waffles & Fruit: Rockmelon on soft golden waffles, with a sprinkle of maple syrup and salty cream. Not bad, but not worth its price.Sandwich:   Turkey and Bacon: The best hot sandwich you can find near Law School. Its delicacy beats everything in Collegetown Bagels.Beef Burgers: It may kill my surviving faith in American's perception of eatable food.Beverage:   Coffee: A little pricy. Why can't student just buy instant coffee from the supermarket? Discount on the refill.   Tea: The same as Coffee.~~~~~~~~~~~~~Ambience: Outside the window is the path along the cliff, decorated by the vibrant color of nature. The classical music is soothings especially for those stressed law school students. Yellow wall and wooden tables and chairs, with humorous handmade cartoon print on it.~~~~~~~~~~~~~10% off if you buy a membership card with at least $50.Credit card unaccepted unless above $10.", 3, 3]}
{"lwnNTnDWmKN1FTe8NJDC8A": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/7/2018", "I traveled almost one hour to get to this place because my fianc\u00e9 was raving about it and was sooo upset when he found out they closed the Amherst location (we live in MA). He had such fond memories of drunken calzone calls at 1am, apparently, lol.  So. I broke my diet and we went. Let me tell you- it was HANDS DOWN the best calzone in my life. Ps... my parents owned a pizza restaurant (so shhh...don't tell them I said DP Dough had the best). Anyway, we paid about $10 for a huge, super crusty and over stuffed calzone. Amazing. It's probably best they got rid of the Amherst location because I would probably weigh 300 lbs.  I had to take a star off because the lady behind the counter just had this look like she hated life. No customer service. No smile. Nothing. Also, we loved it so much we went back two days later. An hour we traveled only to find a sign of the door that read \"back in 10-15 mins\". Sooo we waited about a half hour when he finally showed up. My second calzone wasn't made right and also had much less filling.  All in all I would definitely be back! It's just too bad that customer care is lacking", 4, 1], "UsJKk5XF7dqn2xc1LE-I4Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "5/19/2018", "Been going to DP Dough since I was in college. I recommend if you are looking for quick bite to eat at all hours. Groupon has some special deal you ca get a bit of a discount. Many different options to choose from. If you want a special type of calzone they will have it I am sure.  Enjoy", 4, 1], "lWEBGTRoR-2u_dvwmB1-ww": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "2/14/2018", "For cheap, filling, reliable eats, even when you're drunk at 3:50 a.m. on a Saturday, D.P. Dough is where it's at! An Ithaca staple, imho! The punch cards add extra fun to an already sinful snack time. Make sure they give you the sour cream with the Falling Rock Zone, no marinara! Thank you, D.P. Dough for being consistent!", 5, 0], "Y3CW397QDxRe5bRbN5mNbA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/30/2018", "I came down to ithaca for work and was looking for a place to eat. I didnt want to pay an extra 6$ to have food ordered and i kinda was interested in a calzone, whoch lead me to this place. Ordered a regular ole pepperoni calzone(since im a picky eater) and asked about the cheese mix(bc im also not a big cheese fan).The calzone came out delicious and i enjoyed it, if there was something lacking it would have been flavor to the crust but otherwise it was a good eat.", 4, 0], "CwVaC56N2EsSYzAWuwOV1Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/16/2018", "I've never heard of a place that only sells calzones, but I was excited to try. After trying multiple places to get pizza and failing, we decided to get DP Dough to deliver late night.We ordered 3 different calzones...I loved that we had options of what we wanted inside! And they arrived to our AirBnB shortly after. Our delivery person was super nice and the food was still warm and good.Calzone places should be a thing everywhere!", 4, 0], "xTkGAuKJWQtjz_4H8TkZ1Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/10/2017", "BBQ Steak Zone! Excellent marinara sauce!They are quick, accurate, and accommodating to special requests.A bit greasy, not something to be had every day, but great as a treat on occasion!", 4, 0], "eU0_BEK4LVMV-c1pip7H_Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "5/19/2017", "This place is great. Eat here, please do. The food tastes good, and is open very late. Although it is a bit pricy. Is worth it, eat good. No worries, eat good. Taste. Service good, staff, good. No worries, eat good.", 5, 0], "I2oyac6UI1aX6qkTRCqFHg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "5/2/2017", "Nestled in this vibrant college town is a place you go to, to enjoy a tasty snack. The calzones are good. It's more about the creative fillings that made it good. The dough tasted fresh. This joint is perfect at the end of the night after a few local brews. It's divvy but you are going there just to replenish; no more no less.", 3, 0], "iX51SzIESI4FPE9OAq1yog": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "4/1/2017", "DP Dough serves up a wide assortment of calzones. The dough and sauce are both mediocre, but I suppose the creative topping combos sort of make up for that. Open super late, and probably best eaten after a night out.", 2, 2], "TOjaAhTZiVJGN1PvgUxnPQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "3/29/2017", "I was in Ithaca for my son's wedding and saw they had a DP Dough! I haven't had DP Dough since my years at UMass Amherst many moons ago. I of course had to order and was pleasantly surprised with how it was exactly how I remembered! Parking Zone and the Oh Zone are my favorites!", 4, 0], "C3YeIdU9vUTItRk6ZCDT8Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "2/24/2017", "pricey for what you get, but they're open wicked late, which is a huge advantage in a \"college\" town", 3, 0], "kct_RPppshOfWMSZQYBzJg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "12/21/2016", "This place is super fat and really best after partying and ordering around 1 AM. The buffer zone with buffalo chicken is the best one but they are all tasty and make you feel like a slob. Still great though", 4, 0], "F721D01R_ByuvjCrR04-fg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "12/9/2016", "Hole in the wall calzone joint that was pretty good! Talk about a pleasant surprise!My friend and I each got a \"Drop Zone\" calzone. It comes with chicken, two types of cheese, and pepperoni. Both of them cost about $9, so it was a good deal. I liked the fact that the calzone was pretty big and the cheese was pretty good. But the chicken was pretty raw, and that was a bit of a letdown to an otherwise good calzone. The late hours are really great, because it is convenient for the college kids. Plus you can write on the walls in chalk!A cute hole-in-the-wall with extra flair for extra fun!", 4, 1], "_epYIlGGos8lM2zBbpbLrQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "10/8/2016", "One of the best calzones I've ever had. Tons of great cheese and the crust was just perfect. I got the Meaty and it was loaded with onions and meatballs. One downside is that there are only a couple of tables inside, so if it's rainy or ugly out, it's pretty much a to-go only place.", 5, 0], "FX_NNuMibzN5I7gEQOSC3Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "9/11/2016", "Never order too close to them closing. I ordered and it seemed like they rushed my food. The ingredients inside were fine. But the dough wasn't cooked through. It also had a weird taste to it like cleaning solution. Did not enjoy my food this time", 1, 0], "t4fB9siJEehGBCgSbQY1Zg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "7/23/2016", "Decent as far as late night food is concerned, although they didn't follow through on my order of parm/Italian herb crust. It's calzones, can't go in expecting gourmet or anything, and the portions are huge. So it's good for the price.", 3, 0], "Q9oaqx7JHsLlat0ZTQ7CxA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "7/15/2016", "Best calzone place in Ithaca. Made the right way with ricotta .... Highly recommend any ZONE! Friendly service, awesome college atmosphere.", 5, 0], "Vod8B7okG4eq-LIJ2DAHzw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "4/9/2016", "Very good calzones and cheese sticks! From someone from who is spoiled by Chicago pizza, this was a decent alternative. I was pleasantly surprised. The sausage could have tasted better but everything else was great.", 4, 0], "T_HG_cC3k4-O8k1URAa0hg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "12/8/2015", "Calzones aren't that good in reality, but they'll be the best when they cure the savage 3 am college student hunger. Also, don't expect to be met with a quick delivery. Calzones tend to look as if someone decided to sit on it for 10 minutes before throwing it in the box.", 3, 0], "HJHw_YO9kUpgGYDKjFDVnw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "10/8/2015", "I ordered a 20oz Sprite and they gave me this very sketchy half drank, open Canada Dry....very odd. But other than that the food was great and delivered on time!", 2, 7], "oc9HPX8TZdGhdcOpuuPEQw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "8/20/2015", "Terrible. 45 minutes in and I called them to check up on an order. Guy picks up and I ask what the status was...\"it's on it's way\" with the worst attitude and hangs up on me. He didn't even ask for my name or apologize. 20 min later and still no food. At least the driver was nice about it.", 2, 2], "44Xu3jdR_hdmmoEOmpVuVQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "8/2/2015", "They're a little stingy on the marinara when it comes to their calzones, which I feel kind of ruined it for me and now I can see why they offer marinara on the side (for an additional charge), that's a bit stingy if you ask me (especially for a place that specializes in stuff covered and filled with marinara). I like to order specific fillings that aren't overly powerful in flavor since marinara in and of itself is flavorful so in the end it was a bit on the bland side.", 2, 0], "1pX9FCV9vZagDkwTZj4Jeg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "7/15/2015", "Ive been DP dough since before it was HIP! seriously though, if you're hungry get a zone!", 5, 0], "_ncj2QLAN8SnLKWgExyMdg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/17/2015", "It is what it is. Dive-y little back-alley shack that serves up yummy, endlessly greasy calzones!", 3, 0], "2L1KWdSMCPP41sN_j6lrIQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/3/2015", "These are so good! The bread is so chewy and yummy! Best cure for a hang over! Not much else to say!", 4, 1], "4ElV4JDb5vzpMctx21twjQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/30/2014", "Delicious hand made calzones! A bit divey and located in a shady alley way, but it was delicious! I had the BBQ Chicken Calzone. Awesome.", 5, 1], "xTKlixXoqwROxHXIG4DEeg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "3/31/2014", "These are some of the best Calzones ever. The calzones are always a good size, enough for one person.They always fill them pretty decently with your choices. I love Wednesday as they have their 2 for $10 calzones (regular) which is a darn good deal!I usually always get tater tots in my calzones as they are the bomb!I've tried their chicken bacon ranch, buffalo chicken and breakfast calzones and would order all of them again!Their delivery is usually between 30-45 minutes which isn't bad at all!Overall this is my go to calzone place and for late night snacks as they are open wicked late!", 4, 1], "KW9Dy1KAMvzQdMFXQpJ_Cw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "3/30/2014", "Fast delivery. Been going here more than a decade, and have never been disappointed. Had the Buffalo Zone- one of my favorites! Love these guys!!", 5, 0], "zEwbTkICH7R9D-d2LNAKwg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "2/22/2014", "This was ok. It's super greasy drunk food. Service was meg at best, and they didn't get the order completely right. Didn't ask them to fix it, as it was like 0300 and just didn't feel like it. Would go back, just need to ensure that expectations are set properly.", 2, 0], "XbkvJKdoAs3hbSbvgvTlRw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "10/24/2013", "Super greasy yummy late night food.They deliver until 2am so its nice if you are up late or drinking.", 4, 0], "bR1M1zjyrrjXXkl4QPVgVg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "8/7/2013", "This place is a joke. They claim to use a mozzarella, ricotta, and Parmesan mix but what I got was a solidified, barely warm glob of what tasted like cheap Polly o cheese. The sauce is equally bad, think Burger King marinara sauce. In other words, not marinara sauce. The Caesar salad was the most passable thing we tried. Lettuce and croutons were fine (hard to mess that up) but the chicken was rubbery. Don't waste your time and money.", 2, 2], "ShpjP0SQFMsv_0eExHGxWQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "7/7/2013", "Meh... I guess this is a good place if your hammered after drinking all night because they are open till 3 am. I mean it sufficed for me cause my hotel was a 2 min walk. Quality just isn't there with the ingredients but the crust was decent. Unless everything else is closed I would go elsewhere.", 2, 0], "9QcruC8uoP4268cs7gnCiA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "5/19/2013", "I love cheap pizza and Italian food, but this place fails because it can't even do the basics well. The dough was tasteless and overcooked, the cheese was tasteless and rubbery, the sauce tasted like the super cheap stuff from the can, worse than Wegman's brand. I was looking forward to the garlic bread (because how can that be bad?) but actually the dough was so tough and overcooked, and the seasoning so faint it was hardly worth eating.I heard this was a bit of a junky place so I waited to try it until I was hungry. That was a mistake because in addition to being boring, flavorless and costing 4 times as much as a microwave meal that would have been twice as good, it took a full hour for delivery, on a Sunday around 8. Don't bother! It is not cheap enough considering how bad everything tastes.", 1, 1], "5dkMJq96I68sKCuIZKj1WA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "4/14/2013", "Cheap, amazing food. Some of the best calzones you'll ever eat. I use to eat this stuff weekly when I was in college 15 years ago. Just came back into town recently and ate DP Dough with my girlfriend, and it was as good as ever.", 5, 2], "6tckrWyUtNFdVdj9XV2-Yg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/21/2013", "I like the buffer zone it is my favorite. I would only change one thing about it and that would be the chicken, other than that it is a great place to go and get food any time of the day and for late night.", 4, 0], "XhoghU9CWIQqhH6_s1AXbA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/10/2013", "I can't remember if I've ever been in this location, but I've definitely ordered from here. A true college goal was to order every kind of DP Dough. Never reached that goal though as I usually forgot and went with the usual. The Buffer and Hawaiian were favorites though. Truly the best meal on a Friday/Saturday late night but just doesn't taste the same the next day. A must try if you're ever in Cortland or Ithaca for Cortaca, (Go Cortland!).", 3, 0], "DHtWFqo5IvD72_Cb2z9j8Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/11/2012", "This was a must-do at my 10-year college reunion and D.P. Dough is as good as I remember. Reenacting our college practice, we called to order in the wee morning hours after drinking away the night in the Arts Quad. The girl on the phone advised me to put some barbecue sauce into my Construction Zone (steak, mushroom, cheese!) and I did so, however haphazardly instructing her to pour as much as possible due to inebriation. Despite the gallon of BBQ sauce injected into my calzone, it was still delicious.The delivery guy and I spent a bit of time debating the best pickup spot for Balch Hall. Apparently he thought it was by the dumpsters while I assumed out front. Next time, listen to the driver.", 4, 1], "kXxuR9RDeXy3SwmdSTdz3Q": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "5/31/2011", "I only give it four stars because I have only eaten there once but that one time was amazing. I got the Buffer Zone which was intense. Anybody who is looking for some awesome delivery, try this place.", 4, 2], "h_gSrFie8RqcEI4fToyBpQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "4/21/2011", "D.P. Dough was perhaps the place my guy had been looking forward to revisiting the most. He's an Ithaca College alumnus and hadn't been back to the area in nearly 10 years until last Monday.No-frills place complete with a sketchy parking lot and filthy bathroom. I counted ~40 calzone varieties on the wall menu as well as a few other items.My pesto 'zone was disappointing and contained loads of gooey greasy mozzarella, really small pieces of diced tomato, and barely discernible pesto. Where was the pesto?! My boyfriend had warned me in advance that the nostalgic aspect of D.P. Dough is likely the reason he remembered the calzones so fondly. Delivery until 4AM on Fridays (Saturday mornings) and Saturdays (Sunday mornings) and open pretty damn late every other night as well. Hit up D.P. Dough if you're......a local college student with a late-night fatty food craving after the bars. ...a lover of inexpensive calzones....on a trip down Memory Lane like my boyfriend. If you don't fall into one of the above categories you may find yourself disappointed and dissatisfied after consuming the calories and saturated fat associated with one of these monster calzones.", 3, 17], "AIfRN2TdkGygPbC127UwPQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/7/2011", "Ugh, I just think DP Dough is gross. Unless you're drunk and its 2 am, NO. Even then, just go to hot truck, you could use the walk.", 1, 6], "KAyNtWhYKXz403cnLRcnjw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "4/14/2010", "Tried these guys for the first time last night, WOW! Fast delivery and amazing food. The price is great and the quality is superb. I will certainly be ordering from them again!", 5, 1], "TjRfxgaCRNiDqe2RYoNUFg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "2/15/2010", "Not a fan. Cheese does not feel or taste real. Dough is dry and without flavor. Props for creative menu items, coupons everywhere, and quick delivery. Probably best when not sober.", 3, 5], "Z3g3d1Z3s4tplQwnYjpLtw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "8/20/2009", "Tucked in a potentially sketch corner off of Green St near the Commons, you wouldn't think much of this take out calzone joint until you realize its almost 3am and nothing else is really open. However, they make a huge variety of calzones and are open late each day, perfect for the drunk and starving college crowd.Large selection of calzones that vary from American style to the more traditional Italian stuff. Take a look on their website for the entire menu, most pack a bunch of artery clogging ingredients but if you're eating pizza to begin with, that's already a given. They also offer wings, chicken tenders, and breadsticks.My \"Oh Zone\" calzone was similar to that of a Philly cheese steak but with mozzarella cheese used instead, actually more akin to a Stromboli in terms of ingredients, but it was fresh out of the oven and pretty tasty, although the marinara sauce included could be a bit overwhelming. For around $7 total a pop, this place is definitely on my to try again places especially since their open late and have plenty of variety.There's only two small tables inside and one outside for seating so don't plan on sticking around.On a random note, when I walked in the other night there was already a \"Yelp Loves Us\" sticker on their window although on Yelp there's a grand total of only six reviews at the time I'm writing this. Yelp's been skimping out on their criteria eh?", 3, 8], "lJh1mMGkmL-Akpq5vsGuKQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/14/2009", "two words:falling rock 'zonei miss dp dough (my ass cheeks do not)", 5, 9], "hnK4vYvsHt4UBJ4aV9HmUg": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "1/11/2009", "Thank you DP Dough for being there on those nights when theres nothing to eat! DP Dough makes calzones. I only eat the cheese zone with added chicken. It is good. I don't like there bread sticks. There is no place to sit in DP Dough it is a take out type of place. They don't deliver to me because I live too far out but they do offer pick up. DP Dough is a great place to get food fast and late at night. It is more related to the college scene but I still go there. I don't think DP Dough is great but good in a pinch.", 3, 3], "_HZ6fkBP3mi46RUeuUKIjw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "7/13/2008", "Oh how i love thee...of all things I miss from Ithaca, top of my list would be DP Dough. When I think back to college, and the hours of studying and number of all-nighters...it all goes back to DP Dough. Why isn't there one in California. Calzones are usually delivered hot and fresh, with oozy cheesey goodness, and lots of sauce. I do admit, a bit too much extra crust, but some people dig that...", 4, 6], "R-i-QLPeYj7Hb8cCXQD4EA": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "12/18/2007", "Oh man, I miss DP Dough. I loved the Buffalo Chicken 'zone. I haven't had a delivery in a few years, but they used to not have a minium and at one point, the delivery guy showed up and said 'this is the third time I've been here today' as me and others had ordered but not done one all together.Can they deliver to Queens? I could go for one or two right now.", 4, 5], "W0eN3BaYZgSQOHOuEMOrAQ": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/28/2007", "you know how when you're in a relationship, you tend to put on a few pounds? well, what if your closest group of friends happens to consist of five+ hungry growing college boys? then what? you put on maybe 10, 15, 20 pounds! i probably hopped on 200 too many delivery orders from d p dough over the course of two years. but how do you resist the call of \"D P DOUGH\"??my go-to calzone was the maui wowi, but mostly because it was fun hearing frat boys order it (plus it was one of the \"lighter\" choices). when i felt like going all out, i'd go with the bbq chicken. and oh, the spinner was good too (spinach, mozz, ricotta and garlic). oh how i miss those football-size calzones.", 4, 9], "wfzwLq_S0lJxDJa3ldZFuw": ["Yelp", "D P Dough", "6/12/2007", "D.P. Dough, I hunger for your calzones.I didn't realize the huge variety of fillings that are standard fare on your menu can only be purchased for astronomical prices, and sometimes not at all, from other establishments. If you could find a way to deliver to the good people of Cambridge, MA, we would all be in your debt. Students in Ithaca, enjoy it while you can!!", 4, 5]}
{"KhqRw54yWop0JDCzrCBO4Q": ["Yelp", "Bibim Bap Korean Restaurant", "9/21/2014", "First of all, I NEVER write a restaurant review on Yelp because I'm too lazy.But I just had an incredibly disappointing experience here.I ordered their $12.95 dak kang jung and my brother ordered C4 with an appetizer.What we got after 50 minute delivery delay (which the person who brought the food never apologized for), was some shitty food. My dak kang jung consist of exactly five chicken pieces (3 wings and 2 tiny legs).And both menu came without rice.I have ordered the same menu SEVERAL times last year since their opening and this is less than half the portion of what they used to serve for the exact same menu, exact same price. I called the restaurant asking for explanation and they simply said that they forgot the rice and they would bring the rice for free if we really wanted. and they said the chicken portion is normal (like I am just making up my memory at this place from the same fucking orders I have made continuously). They tried to hung up on me and avoid my questions and I had to call them three times until I at least got a person to talk to.I am never going to order from this place again, and am extremely dissapointed at the quality of food and service altogether.", 1, 1], "yQmZM2ETqhc_ADoqU_sIDg": ["Yelp", "Bibim Bap Korean Restaurant", "5/24/2014", "I ordered from this place using GrubHub, and I regret having done so. I'll admit that as a Korean food fanatic, I may be more well-traveled than the average person when it comes to Korean cuisine. I've had great Korean food in NYC, LA, and even in Providence, RI. Therefore, garbage (for lack of a better term) that I ate at this place can't even be called \"Korean food\" by my book. For starters, the smell and look of the food is not traditional; it looked like Chinese food and smelled like Chinese food. Even my partner, who I was sharing this meal with, said the same thing. Upon tasting it, I was disgusted. About the only good thing in the order was the mandoo appetizer, which was prepared pan-fried, rather than deep fried (which is what I would expect from a legit Korean restaurant). Skip this appetite-ruiner and go to KoKo Korean Restaurant. Now THAT'S some good Korean food.", 1, 2], "6olCHF6lGELRBFiDgmA6_Q": ["Yelp", "Bibim Bap Korean Restaurant", "12/16/2013", "That restaurant shares the kitchen with Samurai Sushi. That's why you can't find the actual restaurant. They only do delivery. That said, their food is GREAT. The best Korean food in Ithaca.", 5, 1], "HSpiaO0cy54kdVeo57vZow": ["Yelp", "Bibim Bap Korean Restaurant", "4/7/2012", "I ordered from Bibim Bap using Grubhub and the food was pretty good that I decided to give it a visit. The problem is that the place is impossible to find! The GPS couldn't find it, so I wandered around by foot around the Commons/W State St area... still no restaurant. I called the number I found online, and the lady who answered the phone told me that it was between a bookstore and a pizza restaurant. That night, I went out to locate this mystery restaurant between those landmarks. What I found? An empty space for lease. I am so confused! Where did my food come from? I am hesitant about ordering again because it would be nice to know that my food is being prepared at a legit established restaurant, and I failed to confirm this.", 3, 20]}
{"80LbvFlWcamZUCY5aqS8og": ["Yelp", "Big Al\u2019s Hilltop Quikstop", "8/11/2015", "For what you are paying the pizza is good, but the attitude of the guy on the phone and behind the counter is lousy. I'll be going somewhere else to grab a quick something for dinner. I don't care if it takes longer or costs more.", 1, 1], "aBovwHAWC_tJ4ZUUhWEVLg": ["Yelp", "Big Al\u2019s Hilltop Quikstop", "1/13/2009", "As I recall, very good veggie subs. And I seem to remember they use to deliver beer.", 4, 0], "l69GgGnMXA3YvjABWahfnQ": ["Yelp", "Big Al\u2019s Hilltop Quikstop", "11/6/2006", "Awesome Bacon Cheeseburgers. Totally simple, no fussy garnishes, just real beef, real bacon, and real cheese. Grab a side of fried pickles with honey mustard, and you're set for the evening! And for you crazy college kids....they deliver.Actually, I've never even been to the restaurant itself (is it really a restaurant? I've always had visions that it's just a gas station that happens to have food?) Perfect late night delivery when you want something other than pizza.", 4, 9]}
{"J2zhb6ig0fd83hQeuAVUvQ": ["Yelp", " Okenshields", "4/24/2016", "I often choose Oakensheilds over a lunch/dinner in Collegetown because it is a buffet and has quite a balance of stuff to eat. But, as a college dining hall, I would be pretty disappointed with it sometimes if I had to eat it on a meal plan. But, the food is really hygienic and healthy.", 4, 0], "kqPbdsaV_SelIvOLaYN42A": ["Yelp", " Okenshields", "11/15/2015", "Definitely worst dining hall in Cornell, but it's convenient and safe to eat. I personally walk down to west campus for extra 5 minutes to eat better food.", 2, 2]}
{"4s782rVmW2n2r59QYxcwWg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "1/18/2019", "This is my favorite place for breakfast, especially the pecan waffle with extra butter and real maple syrup!", 4, 0], "2NYKuqNWeE9IiB_qL-PMwA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "12/29/2018", "Ate here recently with a couple of friends. The place was deserted but we had a nice view of the lake and surrounding area. I ordered the steak (medium rare) and eggs and was quite disappointed. I understand that this is a diner and had low expectations going in, but the meat was way overcooked and tough as shoe leather. Totally unacceptable. I left most of it on my plate, told the waiter politely, and he said he would relay my complaint to the cook. While he was pleasant, he did nothing to rectify my dissatisfaction whatsoever. Had he comped the steak (maybe 6 or 7 dollars?) I might have considered stopping here again, if only for the view. Now, definitely not.", 1, 0], "8XEJwrP2GGcRUCkg7O7yow": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/4/2018", "This really needs a NEGATIVE 5 star review. Horrible, horrible, horrible. We had a reservation 3 months in advance, and arrived 10 mins early with 3 out of 6 in our party. (We explained the other 3 patrons had my handicapped mother in the car, was parking, and would be in momentarily.) The male greeter sternly told us he would not hold the table until all were present and then, gave our table away! Our complete party arrived within 10 minutes of that conversation, at 5:28p for our 5:30p table, including my mother, with her walker. A table did open up, and we sat, and waited 20 minutes for said greeter/waiter to arrive with water, who then proceeded to dump the tray of 6 water filled glasses all over my son and me, soaking my clothing and our table! He then did the EXACT SAME THING with his NEXT tray of water! (Picture hundreds of ice cubes spilled out on the floor - at the dining room entrance. (This was NEVER addressed, with patrons crunching their way over the cubes, heading to tables)...sparing you the rest of the horrible meal and experience.. except, it then took 1.5 hours to receive cold burgers, fries, and a chicken parm (think ice cold cheese over ice cold tomato sauce). NEVER an apology, except our waitress seemed to be trying. When leaving, we noticed the counter section piled high, with dirty, food filled dishes. Gross is an understatement.Understaffed, poorly trained, and ZERO campassion. And I paid over $100 for this experience!", 1, 0], "aTtKN4O_QNFgz0VdxB6gZA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/28/2018", "Found this place on Yelp. Classic dinner food. We came here early Saturday Morning and it was packed. Due to the rain the patio where there are out door seats were closed off. This place isnt for large groups. More than 7 people you will have to wait for a while to accommodate many people.This food review is only for breakfast. I got the 3+3+3 which is 3 large pancakes, 3 eggs, and 3 bacon. The food was decent nothing special, but its classic dinner food. i heard the hash browns were delicious.", 5, 9], "T0jC7wTwclXiUYafBGgpbA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/20/2018", "the worst service i've ever had. me and my 3 friends were there for over 20 minutes. 5 tables that sat down after us got served before us. We are never going back again, we left after we gave it 20 minutes. We didn't even get asked for what drinks we wanted, every table got asked right away what they wanted. Horrible horrible service", 1, 0], "VZxbcl1XqzFqNLV3lGrznw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "9/30/2018", "Service was friendly.The food was average and I wasn't a fan of the home fries which were soggy and not crispy at all.", 3, 0], "xqBEqNxMTwWGSHcBbrtKDA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/23/2018", "The food is like any other diner. There is nothing special about it. The low ratings is because of the service. It is very very slow. People who arrived after us and ordered same things go their food before us. We waited for 55 minutes after ordering an omelette and French toast to receive it. The waitress made us wait for 20 minutes on our table just to take out order.", 2, 0], "Io2JtJD0toy5x86BwIzuLw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/17/2018", "Overrated. Came based on the other reviews some of which made it sound like this place reinvented breakfast. They haven't. I asked for eggs scrambled soft. They weren't. Also ordered pancakes based on a banner in the menu proclaiming real maple syrup. It wasn't. (That's my bad. Reread banner and learned you can purchase said syrup...) Will I be suckered like that again? I won't.", 3, 0], "w91MCyktYlRlZ_Ysmd6SNA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/8/2018", "Came here with a big group for a Sunday breakfast. I think having the big group was a problem. The waitress was super nice but had a hard time getting everyone coffee and food out on time. Half the people got their food and then we waited for the other half. The other half (except one person) got their food about 10 minutes later.  The first half had finished their meals and had their plates cleared by the busboy before the remaining meal came out.The food was good, though. Bacon was crispy, toast was buttery and eggs were delicious! Would definitely go back but not with more than four people.", 3, 14], "-Z0l_p7yR3fPLpfSeeyZRw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/7/2018", "My friends and I went there for Sunday morning breakfast. They had really good food and I had spinach omelette with an American cheese and it was really tasty.", 5, 2], "kHmGnj9phtjaNLuho1QOxA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/5/2018", "Horrible service and food. Waitress took our orders and came back 25 minutes later to finally bring requested refills and the straw one of us asked for when we got there. The food took over 30 minutes and was cooked incorrectly. The \"fixes\" took another 15-20 minutes. This was a horrible experience.", 1, 0], "hnIea3iJ0OelONNjrgkMLQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "6/18/2018", "Great place for brunch! Our hostess was really accommodating when your group grew from 8 to 15 people and all of our orders came out correct. The food was great and so was the service!", 4, 0], "CgSljrzgEPnt7swR8juoEQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "6/17/2018", "Worse service today! Food was great, but after waiting an hour and a half we decided to take our food to go, as our 5 kids were getting restless. We waited 20 minutes for someone to come to our table. Another 40 for our food and it came out separately with about 5 minutes in between each plate. We used to love this place, after today, we won't be in a hurry to go back.", 2, 0], "nGTWlirJ5vG5_8wMxy_yFA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "6/10/2018", "Went here for brunch... * got quiche - I can tell it came from a box and it has been reheated multiple times - it was dry and not edible* the home fries was also just dry and no flavor* there were pieces of lettuce in my fruit salad * the table next to us was dirty with plates when we got there and it remained so the entire time", 2, 0], "XMfu5XZFrQwL7ATNfT3K7g": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "3/18/2018", "A busy destination for Sunday brunch, Sunset Grill has a great atmosphere and a killer view if you're seated in one of the booths along the window overlooking Ithaca. The service was friendly and we were seated in a short amount of time given how crowded it was. I ordered the steak and eggs and must admit the food was not very good. The steak was incredibly overcooked and the home fries were flavorless. Dishes around the room looked much more appetizing so I wouldn't oppose to coming back for another try, but I would definitely not order the steak and eggs again.", 3, 1], "d3PMAGk3opu-bAtsyKzGHQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "2/11/2018", "We went here for brunch around 11:30am on Sunday. It took probably 5-10 minutes to just get host's attention, but once we were on the list we were seated fairly quickly. The service was friendly but scattered, with our food arriving without utensils. The food was sub-par and to be honest a little expensive for what it was. Food (2/5), Service (2/5), Atmosphere (2/5).", 2, 0], "DfFPfFbgTs12A-RiPHJtkA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "1/19/2018", "Friday night, 7 pm, only 2-3 tables including ours but the waitress only came to check on us twice, the second time to see if we wanted the desert or check. Texas burger was alright, chili a bit watery, fries were good. I think they did give us extra chicken wings though.", 3, 0], "wxHrlam6a1k6XZ_ySkXQhQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/26/2017", "Went during the busy time for Sunday brunch, 5 to 10 min wait to get seated. Good coffee quick service not the fasted and the homemade cornveef and hash was very good and my girl scarfed her banana waffles so quick. Great location with an amazing view even from inside", 3, 0], "xeQlf1Gf5_LEe4Jda3yM_w": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/12/2017", "This restaurant is a must go to for breakfast. I ordered the steak and eggs and the steak was surprisingly cooked to perfection. It was seasoned well and the whole nine yards. My wife got the western omelet and that was a amazing too. The patio is a little dirty but it's winter so what can you expect, eat inside and you'll be fine!", 4, 0], "yFCuYnwzrLRIjJeSeX3kcg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/4/2017", "We kept coming back here for breakfast/brunch every day day during our trip to Ithaca! Really nice patio to sit outside in the summer. Enjoyed the corned beef hash, chocolate chip pancakes and french toast here. The staff is great - super fast service, and they were always on top of refills. Seems like a popular spot among students in the area!", 4, 0], "v77SI0T667lRPCutQl55vg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "9/4/2017", "I called ahead to see if they were open, and if they had an outdoor area to accommodate our small dog, because we were traveling through the area. The person who answered the phone was extremely rude. *Take note, NO, they do not allow animals on their deck. Not a pet friendly restaurant.* For that reason, I gave this place one star.", 1, 0], "9KP3k1_EusVI9HM2gqlzAg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/12/2017", "Exactly what it should be. Fresh, delicious ingredients, friendly service, charming views and decorations, and reasonable prices.Where else can you substitute garlic Parmesan tater tots for home fries with your breakfast?!?!", 5, 3], "xAa9jHzGIkqbGZfSy4YEqA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/8/2017", "Favorite non-fussy brunch in Ithaca. definitely sit on the patio when it's nice out because there is a gorgeous view of the lake and Cornell. hazelnut iced coffee, corned beef hash, and pancakes are all a must. yum.", 5, 0], "dY7mknpGu88XnVDq0kK32w": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "7/9/2017", "I get breakfast here pretty often. It's always good. In the summer you can sit outside and look at the lake.", 4, 0], "we9zSKQ_C7CdRBJAO89mbQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "7/5/2017", "This is an awesome place. Good food, great service, great views. I wish they had more selection of summer (day time) cocktails.", 4, 0], "SnN1BfR22wIOdYgu01Fz3g": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "7/3/2017", "Great place to get breakfast at with a amazing view of Cayuga Lake and at a great price. Staff is super friendly and they bring you your food fast. Highly recommended!", 5, 0], "dUz1QkPF-YxZN7kcFZ7t6g": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "6/21/2017", "My favourite restaurant in Ithaca. Everything I've had here is great and I like sitting on the deck. My only downer about the place is that I had ribs here the other week and I couldn't wait to go back to order them but they're not on the new menu anymore. Sad! Any chance they are coming back?", 5, 0], "wdo-ykCd6wJTYxiVP3akmg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "5/29/2017", "Great breakfast place. Even though it was very busy we were seated quickly. The host was excellent- fast and efficient and seated by full party - turned over tables without rush. Good food. Fruit cup and Greek omelette super. Outside seating was spectacular with great views of the lake. Parking lot crowded. Our waitress was almost nonexistent tho. Only negative.", 4, 1], "y8y33s2c5gc7noM0kHPSpg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "5/5/2017", "Very nice place for breakfast that is charming but not kitschy. My daughter and I both had the omelette special. I've never had an omelette with watermelon radishes and greens, along with more usual ingredients like potatoes and cheddar cheese. It was delicious. The rustic white toast was also very good. The service was friendly and attentive. They include 18% gratuity which is totally deserved. All in all, an enjoyable breakfast.", 4, 4], "O4fY9WYYAEIPeo-uI4xEzA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "4/27/2017", "Stopped here for breakfast while I traveling for work. This was by far the best breakfast I had in the 5 days I was there. The service was good & the food even better! This is a must do if in the area.", 5, 0], "O8_6oqwfxpX8olVZ6z1CWg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "4/8/2017", "Waiter was friendly and attentive. Dinner was everything we expected. Basic American fare but hot and tasty. Money paid well worth what we had to eat.", 4, 0], "7dE6fuz2eY8--CzkO-kVGg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "2/18/2017", "Second time here for breakfast. My husband and I love this place. Great view of Cornell and Cayuga Lake. Staff is friendly, kitchen has enough cooks that food comes out fast, hot and tasty. We've never been here for lunch or dinner but we will be back.", 5, 0], "93qTo9jFDn7XFCPayNAASw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/24/2016", "Don't let the fact that the Grill shares a parking lot with a gas station and a liquor store cause you to go elsewhere. Went on Sunday afternoon for a late breakfast. It was still a 20 minute wait. Food was excellent. My son loved the bacon waffles and said the cinnamon role was fantastic. I had the corned beef hash and I have to say that I have had better. But the eggs were perfect and the blueberry pancake was really good. In the warmer months, the view from the porch must be awesome.", 4, 0], "riQz459vKeH__yAJBO-I2A": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/9/2016", "Super long wait on Sunday morning. Even after being seated, nobody came to take our order for a long time. It's been 45 minutes since we arrived and we are still waiting for our food. I hope it comes soon!", 2, 1], "-blc_-bL0KTUMmMyJM_pUQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "9/16/2016", "Easily the best waitstaff in Ithaca. All servers I've had are attentive and kind. Great option for breakfast and overlooks the lake. Despite being on a busy road and the entry looking a bit suspect, the atmosphere is really great - a cross between a solid country restaurant and a diner.", 4, 1], "W0E-MdAaBynbT4HnAp5wVQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/12/2016", "Best French toast! But if you want something heavy dipped in egg batter you may not like it.Cinnamon roll excellent! Very sweet though", 5, 0], "WK4HsB2bDRrqtbwt-fyZqA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/1/2016", "Average diner/family restaurant. Wide selection. Bottled beer $4.75 each for a Bud Light is steep. The view from the porch is gorgeous. Service is slow. The biggest and most confusing part is the pricing on eggs? $9+ for a 2-egg omelet (which is weird onto itself since it is typically 3+) but I digress... $5 for 3 eggs in any style. So I am paying $4 for my cheese and mushrooms? Take a look and maybe I am not getting it...", 3, 0], "uglxdNkn1g2I8QEwihb-Sw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "7/30/2016", "Good food served quickly. I only had the breakfast items and it was all good. Friendly and efficient service. Reasonable prices. Great views. If I lived in the area I would definitely be a regular.", 5, 0], "TlH1QzaoyY8h-JNonyBPyg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "6/11/2016", "Quick, easy breakfast spot that's decently priced with large portions. I had the omelette that came with toast, and it tasted good. Nothing out of the ordinary or exceeded expectations, but it's a good place.", 4, 0], "4ViC4RqKssxuUEamw533PA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "5/14/2016", "Here's the thing. I love sunset grill. This was my go to throughout all of college. I went there every other weekend and they have great diner food. BUT I have had two terrible experiences, which have completely ruined my good times there. Yesterday, I went with a group of 6 people. It is the day after slope day at Cornell, so we knew it would be busy. We were told it would be a 25 minute wait. We waited over an hour to be seated. When we were finally seated, we were ignored for 15 minutes before a server came over to us. We were so frustrated that we just left. I really hope that the wait staff can pull things together, so I can go back and enjoy it again.", 2, 3], "T0vdFemxD6mZj309GTcuCQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "4/29/2016", "Loved this place! Went there two mornings in a row for breakfast. The portions are large, service is good and friendly. This is a hometown diner. No grease! The homefries were potatoie and delicious. Western omelet was fabulous. Pancakes were huge! Wish they had real maple syrup! I will go back again and again. The diner is right near Ithaca College on South hill.", 5, 0], "Aufqy52iElkFDc6MyDK8Ng": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "4/25/2016", "Really delicious brunch food for a decent price! All the omelets were under $10. My friends and I got a corner seat next to the patio so we got a beautiful view of the lake and Cornell. I did the make my own omelet and the food came out within 10 minutes. I will definitely come back again! One of the best brunch places in Ithaca.", 5, 1], "FmL0y7YY4JdbLToGzf38SA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "3/14/2016", "Kind of pricey, but love the food and the view.Don't forget to get a jar of coffee for your table - the best coffee I've ever had in Ithaca!", 4, 1], "zyn9MZvmUOjAK_ekpxlM2g": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/7/2015", "Waited a bit to get served but once we ordered our food came quickly. We all ordered egg dishes, which were all delicious. Defiantly recommend for breakfast.", 4, 0], "hTxDoMhqkJus4JmAABAP4A": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/9/2015", "Great ffod. Friendly service. A bit tricky to find - it's behind the Sunoco gas station ip on the hill. Bacon blue cheese burger was great. My friend loved the meat loaf.", 4, 0], "icpIvbq1fEi-7KY_tlnuqQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/28/2015", "Subpar diner food. The food comes out extremely fast. Fantastic view of Lake Cayuga and Ithaca. Pancakes tasted like an Aunt Jemima mix. Omelette was tasty and very standard. Breakfast potatoes were not good at all.", 2, 1], "LGQQqCtO5zPiW3i9CrQ7jA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/25/2015", "This is a great find during our visit to Ithaca. It is on a hill so you can see Lake Cayuga in the distance when you sit on the deck. The food was very good. I especially loved the Duck Wings with the Asian Sauce. It is more meaty and flavorful than chicken wings and I loved the crispy skin. The portions are huge! For our family of 2 adults & 2 kids - 10 & 8 year olds, we probably could have ordered 3 entrees instead of 4. My steak tacos were filled with rare steak and a cilantro vinaigrette slaw. My husband's Gyro was more like a gyro salad with lots of lettuce and feta cheese. Even the side salad is more like the typical full-size salad at other restaurants.Note, this restaurant only serves breakfast and lunch. That's a shame since you can catch a beautiful sunset on Lake Cayuga from the deck.", 4, 0], "9olVUyyue2BKbh5A5t7V1g": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "8/16/2015", "Great service. We were treated when we walked in, seated on the deck that has a view of Lake Cayuga and got our coffee and omelette scary fast. We both had the bacon and mushroom omelette which comes wrapped in the bacon. If every omelette with bacon came that way, the breakfast world would be a better place. The coffee was a little weak, but typical for a diner. I can imagine this view as sunset wince we were on this side of the lake last night and it was lovely. They bring in a good crowd. Since the colleges were out, getting in at 915 wasn't a big deal. Next week, it'll be a different story.", 5, 0], "4Ws1YU25FQBQMSfFHhFVDg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "12/7/2014", "I had been here before and loved it but this time we sat at the counter and watched them work! Now not only do I love it but I have a real appreciation for their fresh ingredients, homemade dishes and their attention to detail.My friend had the homemade corned beef hash and declared it the best! Not too salty, real homemade roast beef. Perfect marbled rye toast to accompany.I had the eggs Benedict. Perfect poached eggs, lovely asparagus and ham. I had the hollandaise on the side which was cold but excellent. We told them that it was cold and he said he was afraid to reheat it because it would separate. We told him to just nuke it but he lovingly gentle heated it in a pan.It was fun to be in a high energy crowd but not feel ignored or rushed.The view is amazing! Put this on your list!", 5, 0], "lGdLPOQs__C9h9Ij7X4hlw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "9/23/2014", "While waiting for my dog to have surgery at the local Cornell University, I got hungry and saw this place on my Yelp app. It had good stars so I figured \"why not?\" OMG - it is SOOOOOOO GOOD!!! Relaxed atmosphere and great food! Waitresses are so friendly, giving me directions to the nearest shopping district as well. And they have a really amazing view of the scenery. Definitely a place I would love to return to... And recommend to everyone!", 5, 0], "qV1qGRJuRz5W_FJOFIVPfQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "5/26/2014", "Stumbled upon this place in the drive around Ithaca. Glad we did stumble. The food portions are a good size and the price was reasonable as well. I ordered the gyro and it was nicely done. The gyro is made with lamb and this was nice as so many other places make it with beef. These other places probably call it a \"ji-row\". I went with the side of fries and was pleasantly surprised that they were steak fries! The service was fine - friendly, but a bit slow. I did find the food tasty; however, a bit too salty.The server only checked on us once and near the end of our meal we had to ask for beverage refills. I went with the water and likely one other person did not drink their water so I took advantage of the unused water.The view is awesome and if you can get outside seating, go for it.I rated a 4 because of the slow service and mainly because the food was a bit too salty. Overall, I was not disappointed that I stumbled upon Sunset Grill.", 4, 0], "DdMWntiIgPMgESYY-H_ktg": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "3/23/2014", "LOVE SUNSET! Best place to go to on a Sunday morning with the Bros. Tons of omelets and other options too. They usually have really good specials.", 4, 0], "rKswmmqL5XernUjtTRozKA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "1/19/2014", "Love love love me some Sunset Grill! This is my favorite breakfast spot in Ithaca and it had never failed me yet! You might think about skipping out, because the outside looks like nothing special and its next to a gas station/Rogan's and a liquor store. DON'T BE FOOLED. it's fantastic. (Also, don't be cooked by the name. While it's called sunset grill, the restaurant is only open for breakfast and lunch. Apparently it used to be open for dinner back the day.)The view is fantasticand if it's one of the two days out of the year when Ithaca had nice weather, sit outside!Things to try: Bomber Plate. I forget what's on this, but I remember it being something like, eggs, home fries, bacon, sausage, gravy... and some other things. Either way, IT'S GOOD. corned beef hash: YES. so delish. ANY OMELETTE! I've never had the pancakes, but my friends have. The portions are big and they say they're good.Service is always good, just watch out for Saturday and Sunday mornings during the academic year, otherwise there will be SO MANY IC students (I would have been in this crowd myself) so if you don't like loud college students or crowds, stay away on those dates. But I wrote recommend just waiting it out, because this place is that awesome.", 5, 2], "jOyscBT5-F7ifInW9Uq8wA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/1/2013", "Met my boss there for lunch and the service was good, quick and friendly.Food was good and they offer a wide variety of items. Prices were fair. Waitress was friendly and fast.Overall....a good place for a lunch.", 4, 0], "ArEJ8tTg5yP3FRGeDZc2Fw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "10/6/2013", "I had a very bad experience there =(. I heard it's a nice place to have brunch, so went over with friends this Sunday. It did look like a very popular place and we waited for 20 minutes to get a seat. The service was very very sloooowwww... I waited forever for getting one set of silverware... The food came way too slow and the waiters just barely served us anything at all... The food was okay but we just couldn't enjoy it after waiting for so long.We got the Bacon Mushroom omelet, sausage bagel sandwich and a banana pancake. They all tasted good and worth to try if you actually decide to go on a Sunday morning regardless the long wait....", 1, 2], "4aE8ob93RjM7Da8G8oT1VQ": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "9/7/2013", "Friendly service and great view of Lake Cayuga. The food is fresh and high quality. Their pancakes and waffles can be ordered with REAL maple syrup. It is an extra charge, but truly worth it. Local spot near Ithaca College.", 5, 1], "5OHoS5WLyzKaJG-ADcEh_w": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "5/17/2013", "Parking goodView AMAZINGI had a mushroom omelet. It was good.  I wish the bacon was crispier but next time ill ask. Mimosas are a great start to everyday.  Fairly priced good brunch ;)", 4, 3], "_gWtj6NTjFHIkoKs6svdbw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "4/13/2013", "Consistent quality. Good diner food. Large variety of choices. Vegetarian friendly options. Gorgeous view. Has outdoor seating on deck in warm months. Located on South Hill on Route 96/Danby Road - just look for Rogan's Corners near Coddington Road intersection (Sunset Grill is not obvious from the road). Can accommodate groups. Easy parking in lot.", 4, 1], "eZVAOiGIGEq7xjbMCBsxCw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "2/10/2013", "The daily special waffles always sound good: for example, \"almond joy waffle\" with coconut, chocolate chips and almonds; and, today's waffle was \"chocolate banana with caramel.\" They also have several different waffle choices on the menu.  Other daily specials (quiches, omelets, etc.) sound interesting as well and they have a lot of choices on the menu.We've had great breakfast food there and the service is always friendly and prompt.", 4, 0], "EjORdCr0_AsOcdh_wMLrUw": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/26/2012", "Surprisingly okay. I'd never even heard about this place and luckily I checked Yelp before heading off to this place. It's quiet and the food is decently priced with large portions. If you're just looking for some classic diner food in Ithaca, this is definitely one of the places I'd check out. Service was good too. Just don't be creeped out by the fact it's in the middle of nowhere forestland in some random and slightly sketchy looking log building right next to a liquor store.", 3, 2], "8BvPEM6LJHmDGiHXxVanZA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "2/28/2012", "3.5 rounded up for comfort and service.Great place for breakfast. Good, simple food prepared well, decent prices, great service. Reliable on all levels.", 4, 0], "g-1oLZAFILac7BNt18uM-A": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "3/27/2011", "I love to go here on a lazy Sunday morning! Great Diner food, always hits the spot! I have been a few times and have tried the amazing Bacon & Brie waffle, Corn Beef Hash and the Delicious Juicy Lucy burger!! They always have some interesting specials! Everything I have tried so far has been delicious and memorable. Try it for a casual, quick Sunday Brunch or Lunch. Also they have a nice view out the back window. I will be going back frequently.", 5, 2], "Qb80Lpp3GjfdX60qnmrbxA": ["Yelp", "Sunset Grill", "11/10/2010", "Situated by Ithaca College, this place has an awesome view looking out over all of Ithaca. I would say it is more like a diner than a grill though. They make decent omelets, cinnamon buns, waffles, pancakes, etc. Nothing is great but nothing is bad either. They also have standard dinner fair such as salads, entrees and various fried foods.If it weren't for the view I would probably not come back, but its a cozy place to hang out with friends over a no frills weekend brunch.", 3, 4]}
{"3pBrL9Fi03UGXh6B7EIDvQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "9/9/2018", "OverpricedUnknowledgeable staff taking ordersWarm raw fishOnly positive is takeout order processed quickly.My california roll actually tasted the best out of all 3 rolls I ordered and usually california is the blandest, wtf?Bathroom unclean, door hardly locks.Overall, extremely underwhelmed.", 2, 1], "WXPToBeyRzhvoNl19tIxQQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/9/2018", "Let me start this by saying that Ithaca's definitely not the best place for high-quality sushi options. Having said that, Plum Tree is as good as it gets for a quick lunch fix! Highly recommend the Bento Boxes for lunch - it's great value and very filling. The lunch sushi options are good as well. This is also a good place for dinner if you're coming with a large group (e.g. students). Service is quick and efficient - they are very good about splitting checks and accommodating any way that you may want to split the bill among a big group.", 4, 0], "k-mvwvcpvV78HOVO2TBj_w": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/11/2018", "I came here right after they reopened for the summer, since I figured I'd have the best chance of getting fresh (safe) fish, a real concern in Ithaca. The menu had a lot of appealing maki combos, so I was optimistic, but everything I got tasted... weird. The soy sauce was off, smelled vaguely of cheap alcohol, and tasted like it was mixed with some kind of marinade. The tempura had an alternately meaty and lemony flavor, despite what had to be fresh fryer oil. The rich toro and avocado roll, which should have come alive with a hit of salt, was instead ruined by the odd soy sauce, and woefully tasteless without it. Tamago is hard to perfect, but also fairly easy to execute passably; instead, my two pieces had a sad grey pallor. Service was slow since they seemed understaffed, but that's forgiveable in the slow summertime. Ithaca isn't the place for sushi, but if you really need a sushi fix, I'd recommend Pokeland instead.", 2, 0], "rD3nQAOiPmgkp4S8YotS0w": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/17/2018", "I have been here and ordered from here a few times. Each time I try different things hoping that it will be better. Today was the last straw. I went in with my friends and we ordered their Yaki-udon, something I thought was hard to mess up on. Turns out it can be messed up. The noodles were over cooked and mushy and the flavor was worse than that of a frozen meal. Our server also was not attentive and never came to ask if our food was okay. It seems like the staff avoids talking to customers. I am very disappointed with this establishment and will not be back.", 1, 1], "cFNZskGVZSgKvqWKuLvFLQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/7/2018", "i like this place a lot. no complaints from their service to the location to the interior design. the food quality is sufficient to warrant this 5-star rating, in light of ithaca's terrible competition situation.", 5, 0], "IGC9wjcfOgPSlpnTXNPZpw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/29/2018", "Mermaid roll is my all time favorite! Highly recommended!California sunrise and sukiyaki are also perfect for a chilly day. Plum tree is definitely the best Japanese restaurant at ctown.", 5, 0], "NBdgZrTGufM2D7Za_Mfyag": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "2/11/2018", "Not much to say. This place is mediocre at most lol but I didn't expect much from around here.", 3, 0], "ZciH-msU-6ODSsSAb4R-dg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/23/2017", "-FoodAlright. It really depends on what you order. I don't think there is anything extraordinary or something that you must try at this place, but at the same time, nothing's especially bad. Yet the price is pretty high for this particular quality of food. Overall, I wouldn't particularly recommend this place for anyone, but also not discouraging people from going.", 3, 0], "bNFece9UGWpqeCTySTx7Nw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/18/2017", "If you want something fancy with top notch sushi, yeah, this isn't the place for you. If you want very very solid japanese food and a nice ambiance to chill with friends? Go for it.I love the salmon lover's roll, karaage (nice and bite sized with a delightful white sauce with a kick), and their takoyaki. The takoyaki I admit is not spherical and a little overpriced, but it's a great treat when you want a mini splurge. ^_^By ordering ahead of time for pick up, there is only a 15 min wait when it's not peak hours and everything is nicely packaged to go.", 5, 0], "T1U3avs07n_n0pg0VdFGuQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/9/2017", "I love Plum Tree, such a fun ambiance and great food. Quick service and since they have so many selections I never get bored with the menu!", 5, 0], "0mpXw7hdzSVMoVdj-BPheA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/18/2017", "Plum Tree is a restaurant I go to often because of its convenient location in Collegetown. I usually find myself ordering rolls and their delicious fried green tea tempura ice cream. Because of its proximity to Cornell University the restaurant manages to charge prices slightly higher than what their food may actually be comparably worth. Unfortunately, because of that same proximity, you may find yourself trying to have a quiet dinner while a loud crowd is banging on tables and Sake-Bombing right next to you. In the end, Plum Tree gets the job done and satisfies my late evening sushi cravings. As a tip for first timers, I would suggest going to their more reasonably priced lunch hour times.", 3, 0], "wV5XCpNeayVP_hrKPie9Qg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "3/31/2017", "My wife and daughter love this place. We've been there numerous times over the years. My wife and daughter usually have a bento box each and always enjoy it. I always have a large sashimi plate, which is always good but not outstanding for the price. It's worth a try if you like sushi or sashimi.", 4, 0], "GOgSVRtDtJzySJ2u8c8mXA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "2/22/2017", "It's a good place to get fast Japanese food between classes. Lunch boxes are good, cheap and quick. I wouldn't suggest the salmon sashimi since the quality varies a lot each time I visited there. It does not worth the price.", 3, 0], "I7ay6Z3eV3Ltrt7T1XSzbA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "1/31/2017", "Pretty mediocre sushi in the heart of Collegetown. Definitely not a place for an extravagant meal or date, but hits the spot for sake bombs and cheap dinner with a large group. At $10 per, the sake bombs are a pretty decent deal. Some favorites for dinner include the chicken katsu and the fried rice, which at under $10 each make for a cheap dinner. The dinner bento boxes are pricey but can be easily shared between two people if you aren't too hungry, and I believe they're about half price at lunch.Service is reliably average, and the restaurant is consistently clean. Typically never a problem getting a table without a reservation, but periodically there will be a date night or event at Plum Tree that makes it difficult to get in on short notice, especially with a large group. They have a sort of 'lofted' area to the restaurant where they usually seat larger parties. Can be loud on certain nights when there are large parties (usually Fridays or Saturdays at 8 ish).Splitting a check a bunch of ways can be kind of a nightmare at Plum Tree, which is surprising because of how many large parties they do. It's usually easier to just have one person pay and collect from their friends on Venmo.All in all, places like Plum Tree are a dime a dozen in more metropolitan areas, but it's one of the better places in Collegetown.", 3, 4], "TcN8Q63MdEAOn6mgMEdpug": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/22/2016", "Loved this place - full of people, mostly Asian so it must be good, right? But really, it was. Three of us enjoyed fantastic lunch fare - beautifully presented and affordable. Staff was a bit confusing - we had several taking care of us and when it came time for check one came to say they'd bring a check, then another came to get the credit card, then the other didn't know where the card was, but it sorted itself out quickly, no problems.", 5, 0], "wd5EtXInfvLOyY_mDh5c4Q": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/10/2016", "Unfortunately am basing this on ambiance, service, and their miso soup. I wasn't too hungry but my friend was so we thought we'd stop in for a bit. He got a salad that he enjoyed, it had rice, tons of fishes in it. I got to try the miso and it was nicely flavored but barely any seaweed or tofu. The atmosphere was fun, it was huge! Lots of college students there being rambunctious. The music was top 40. It was decorated like a sushi place but the vibe was definitely American.", 4, 0], "8u2OwSM9a5U5LWleH08N7g": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "6/24/2016", "As a lover of Japanese food and an undergrad at Cornell for the past four years, I have eaten at Plum Tree a lot, probably over fifty times. Not because it is an amazing restaurant, but out of desperation as it is by far the best in the Cornell area that one can get to without a car. Plum Tree has OK food. It certainly hits the spot for any who are clamoring for yummy Japanese or Asian food such as katsu chicken, takoyaki, sashimi, etc. One thing to note is that they have something called a Salmon Don which is a plate of only salmon sashimi (10 pieces) but it doesn't seem to be listed on the main menu, only menus through Ithaca to Go and such. You can also switch out your salad for a miso soup if you want for free which is really nice. However, none of the food is spectacular; most of the rolls are rather overpriced for the amount and quality you get, the fish isn't fresh and on some days you may get large slices, other days the portions may be very small. Also they overcharge, but everywhere in Ithaca does this. They do their best at hosting large parties, and do seem to have a good system down pat for hosting large parties. However, their waiters appear to have frequently struggled getting orders for large parties correct, or even parties as little as 4 people...I can remember several times off the top of my head my waiter has brought the wrong thing, and even suggested that I ordered something else. That said, this usually all gets corrected as the manager is a wonderful lady who does try to do best by her customers. For all the dissing I have just done of this restaurant, it is a good place to take your family or hang out with your friends. But do not expect anything close to the quality of food you'd get in California or NYC for the price you will pay.", 3, 0], "ARh65ZlYlZtrJKBW2VwGBg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "6/5/2016", "As a rule, food in Ithaca is woefully disappointing and yes, as many have noted, overpriced. I think Plum Tree is one of the only places where you can get a decent meal for commensurate value. The sushi rolls are simple, but fresh and well-prepared. My husband and I like to go there for a light meal; we typically share 2-3 rolls. $15 for dinner for two? Where else does this happen in Ithaca?", 4, 0], "XmnhaCR0KC_EEfojTSaSjg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/10/2016", "Pretty high prices but I guess normal for collegetown. Pretty good quality sushi, possibly best in ithaca", 4, 0], "AUjNpxQvfCclhHsq0r03eQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/6/2016", "One of my favorite places in college town. I like the soba noodle, Kalbi lunch box, dragon roll, etc when I'm eating alone. And it's always more fun with a group. The sushi boat and saki bomb are amazing when you have a group. It's good for a lunch alone and a group dinner on Friday night. Besides, all the food on the menu are tasty. It's not first class but you'll never get anything taste wrong. =)", 4, 2], "DdZodeBSd0IkgkjLyx16Iw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/4/2016", "Popped in here for a quick lunch. Got the bento lunch special which everyone in the restaurant also seemed to be having. Had the chicken teriyaki bento box. The chicken was disappointing as it wasn't grilled and seemed to just be strips of chicken heated in the sauce. Everything else including the salad, California roll, and gyoza were standard. Decent amount of food but felt the price was only okay for the quality. Not sure why their bento boxes are so popular.", 3, 1], "DWblcp-11w810AdD_IaaLA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "10/28/2015", "Have tried Bento box with beef and kalbi. I have to say the sauce for Kalbi is too heavy flavored and makes me drink a lot of water. The price of the lunch Bento box is reasonable while in the evening the prices almost doubles with more food inside. The squid tastes good, also the beef roll with asparagus.", 4, 1], "SHLTVBeHYAeiG8ZcUROhKA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "10/23/2015", "Plum. The first place i ever had sushi... I was very happy I dared to. Delicious!everything was good, even the seaweed salad. Good service and good food.College town, sake bombsEnough said", 4, 2], "j9yBISdxKUyWGjL1mBdVSg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "10/11/2015", "3.5 stars.I feel a little bad about giving 3 stars. I enjoyed my meal here, it's just the food really didn't quite make the 4 star standard.First of all, overpriced for what they offer. Prices are comparable to similar joints in NYC but not quite as up to par in terms of quality.Some tables were not set and there is the occasional fly. Service is polite and food comes out pretty quickly. The special rolls here are delicious. There are many creative choices to choose from and most of them are illustrated in the menu. They're not loaded with rice and are generously filled with fish and veggies-very satisfying.Now the raw fish: not very fresh. Though subtle, the sashimi all had a slightly fishy and unpleasant aftertaste. All were soft and flimsy to the touch instead of firm, so texture was also not amazing. Good news: they do give you pretty big slices, but in this case I'd rather pay more for fresher sushi. I'd recommend coming here for lunch as their lunch special bento boxes are a great value at 9.95. Their cooked food (teriyaki, skewers) are actually pretty good. Definitely a fun place to go sake bombing with friends- very crowded and loud at night.", 3, 1], "Zk3HnLlfLQWujX6FayY1CA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "9/6/2015", "Service was a bit slow, the Coke that I ordered tasted old, and the sushi was just so so.", 3, 0], "xabT_xwxc0yPemVoRPqWkQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/20/2015", "Good restaurant. The edamame was cold and could have been saltier but the sushi and sashimi were delicious. Service could Be a but more attentive, but overall good experience.", 4, 0], "f7HT3adh7Ei6b2yywyUaag": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/3/2015", "We ordered beef yakisoba, takoyaki, and the 007 roll.The beef yakisoba was really good as I've been told (wasn't my food). The 007 rolls were really good, but the fish felt a little... squishy? Maybe it was because they deep fried. The takoyaki was good, however... I wish they would put the mayo on the balls a little bit better. Not in globs. Usually it's layed on the balls thinly. Also, it needed a bit more... I think they should try adding seaweed and give a spicy sauce option to counter the mayo. Takoyaki is a Japanese street food worth trying but mayo can easily kill any food.", 4, 0], "AMGym2_Pzc6boOAKDPC23g": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "3/29/2015", "High quality Japanese cuisine. The variety of the menu is good and the prices are reasonable. The ambiance is also good and appropriate for groups. The staff are fairly friendly. In general, I have never had a bad experience at Plum Tree.", 4, 0], "GFMPd3ofUp-_Wh5_Ze27iQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "3/27/2015", "Good- sake bombing, rice dishesStay away- sushiSushi in Ithaca is not good. I have stopped trying to eat it here altogether. Plum Tree is a fun place to go with friends for a night of sake bombing and a plate of fried rice, but not much else.", 3, 0], "KQTvUjJ8ChUKcSLX9kV-Bw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "2/2/2015", "Their food is okay, the servers quiet but polite and nice. Sushi is okay but a little pricey, and sometimes it's a hit or miss. Their lunch bento boxes, however, are a steal, and quite yummy, so I come here every week for lunch! can't beat a full meal for only 9$. Probably the only place to get sushi in Collegetown.", 3, 0], "taaeEYfOJgOd_MNzOjM-Fg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "10/23/2014", "terrible food, generic menu, and prices that are not student friendly! Chicken katsu is overcooked and over battered. The actual chicken was pounded thinly, in addition to being over fried, which resulted in an extremely dry piece of stale and bland meat. I also don't think the chicken was very fresh to begin with. There is just no standard in the quality of the food.", 1, 0], "f52QQhydP6fM0quwf8yr0w": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "9/22/2014", "My favorite sushi place in Ithaca.It is located in Collegetown, the sushi is tasty, it is reasonably priced, and the staff is very nice.Also, they have awesome Miso soup.", 5, 0], "xhQDajmEynHGGFcvtOCLTQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "9/1/2014", "I keep going here because I love sushi and this is the closest place to my house. The sushi is mediocre at best, the servers are sometimes rude, and the prices are high relative to the quality of food... The only reason this place is in business is that there is no good sushi alternative nearby.", 2, 2], "BBDMi9vlpuSCnBm3SG21Vw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/20/2014", "this is a collegetown favorite and a place you would come to have a quality meal. By college standards, this place is considered expensive. I have been here on multiple occasions. My family treated me to a nice dinner here freshmen year and I still enjoy it today as a Big Red alum. You can't go wrong with any item at this place. If you are hungry, get the Bento Box. You will not be disappointed. I am not a big sushi person, but the rolls here seem to be very good and fresh. Plus, they can accommodate large groups! Treat yourself well college peeps!", 4, 1], "h7AiBM8AtdkIw2wKTL0v5g": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/11/2014", "I've been to plum tree a few times and overall, the quality is decent but a little overpriced.Appetizers:The sake kama (grilled salmon collar) is really good, grilled perfectly with nice char and cooked through, but small and overpriced. The takoyaki are fantastic! You're definitely going to burn your mouth on the inside. A little overpriced but super tastyThe soft shell crab is 2 crabs cut in half; kinda fried until it barely tastes like crab. I would not really recommend this.There's an appetizer with squid in a ginger sauce that was really fairly priced and large; the squid was cooked perfectly too, tender but still tasted like squid.Mains:The tonkatsu curry is decent, the cutlet feels thin but it's fried well and not greasy. Not much to say about the curry. All of the sushi entrees are pretty good quality, taste good, tastefully presented, but generally overpriced. I've had the sashimi dinner and sashimi lovers dinner. All the fish were cut well and tasted fresh; nothing too fishy or tough.The hwe dup bap was quite good; heavy on the small fish eggs and a little light on the fish chunks but can probably serve two people who aren't super hunger. Probably a better deal in terms of filling you up than the sashimi entrees.Dessert:The fried ice cream was downright terrible. Super thick coating, very greasy. Icy crystals in the ice cream. The chocolate sauce completely overwhelmed the taste of the green tea ice cream of which there wasn't much to begin with.Overall though, decent quality sushi and sashimi, tastes pretty authentic. A little on the pricey side, can get loud so think twice before coming here on a date.", 4, 4], "JxhewLLQUdvw4YQLGIkzKQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "3/11/2014", "Ok, the food is typical Ithaca Sushi, probably in the 70th percentile. Ithaca is not on the ocean and therefore is not a sushi hotbed. However, I like this place. I have been here a few times both with a couple people and with a large group. The service is great! I was there with a large group (no reservation) last weekend and we ordered a round of sake bombs so they brought us a ton of beers and a giant pitcher of sake, which was great. The food came out quickly, they got everyone's order right, they were very understanding about splitting the bill over a million credit cards, and they really just made it an enjoyable night. I can't speak to the food, beyond the sushi, but the sushi was ithaca good.", 4, 0], "U1N_CDsCGg8qqj-s7-YX-A": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "12/23/2013", "Not amazing, but a step up from Miyake.I came for lunch and got a bento box, which tasted good, although not as great as the bento box lunch specials you can get at the Korean restaurants in town which are cheaper and have more flavor in the meat.You still get a crowd of sake bombers, even in the middle of the day on a weekend, but I guess that's what happens when there's nothing to do in Ithaca. It makes the place loud but it's not that disruptive.Service is pretty good here. Waiters are pretty attentive so I didn't have to do anything to catch their attention. I guess when they don't have to cater to several groups of kids doing sake bombs they can actually cater to other customers.", 3, 0], "aF68xVcMNbxitGhJKKYz5g": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "11/25/2013", "I ordered a tonkotsu ramen and it was pitiful. It was just regular ramen noodles in broth w/ 3 slices of fish cake, half a boiled egg, and some small pieces of ginger. I was expecting there to be slices of pork, which is pretty common in tonkotsu ramen, but there was no protein. $9 for the ramen is a rip-off.", 2, 1], "-Ian4MrSs9--maUZoWGquw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "9/17/2013", "So uh they updated their menu to include all you can eat (ayce) which includes a ton of \"special rolls\" regular/traditional ones like cali, and nigiri, no ayce sashimi. this also includes many diff appetizers, and 3 desserts (fried cheesecake, fried banana w ice cream, and one other one i forgot)The deal is 25$, and you get 70 minutes (yea why 70???) and are told not to waste any rice on the menu and that \"they will charge!\" is also written on there....Rolls are decent, and large variety so that is nice. Never get pink panther roll, that thing is a disaster waiting to unfold in your mouth. Salmon teriyaki app was pretty decent too. Mermaid roll was good as was the dragon roll. We finished our second round which came out very late, and so the waiter said that our 70 minutes was up. We said that our second round was delayed for 15-20 min, which it actually was, and we only ordered about 4 rolls. They agreed to give us the dessert. I had a fried cheesecake, and it was tasty when it adjusted to room temp but that thing was definitely fried (just like tempura batter) and then frozen for a while which really defeats the purpose of cheesecake, you need to taste the creaminess.There are like 5 stipulations written on the menu for the deal which was just annoying to read its as if you got a coupon saying 70% off all items in store*, with the asterisk excluding 50% of the store.Overall decent option now to have, but overall still very average all things considered.", 3, 1], "sLbN9Fl0eO2rEWqDJZJo8g": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/30/2013", "Maybe I need to readjust me expectations for eating Sushi since I'm in Ithaca. I paid about $25 for a dragon roll (soft shell crab) and a rainbow roll, an assortment of seafoods. It was pretty good, just not worth $25 on a student budget. I'd try some other place...", 2, 1], "jPqsJfAnbxOegYQ_ozeMow": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/20/2013", "I've been here so many times-it is my go to place when I have withdrawal for Ramen. The employees think that I am a regular because they refer to me as \"my friend\". But one thing I must add- two years ago, they served these great Japanese rice crackers. They do not do this anymore. What happened to those crackers?!Disclaimer: I'm Japanese, so I am comparing to my grandma's cooking. Food: B Some dishes are good, some are not so good.GoodMiso Ramen- its delicious and it doesn't take like its instant. And its pretty cheap at $8.99Oyako-don: It is a chicken and egg dish, served on top of rice. It tastes exactly like authentic oyako-don. It is very filling, because there is a generous amount of egg and chicken. Please try this here!OKkara-ika (Spicy squid, app): It was really good the first time I tried it because the squid was cut up into small portions. But the second time, the squid was really large and therefore the spiciness did not seep into it well. It also seemed like the appetizer got smaller the second time I went, even though my two trips were only spaced about a month apart. yakiBento: the food in the bento is really good, but it is VERY expensive ($20+). If you want to try the bento boxes, order during lunch because its substantially cheaper ($13)tonkotsu ramen: it tastes ok, but nothing was added to the ramen. Usually there is some fish sausage, pickled vegetables, seaweed, etc, on top of ramen. But there was nothing added!! You just get noodles in some soup. Yaki-soba: does not taste anything like actual yakisoba. It comes in a hot stone plate which is nice, but the flavoring is pretty bland. If you've never tried yakisoba before, please try it somewhere else before you eat it here. Hwe Dup Bap: My boyfriend gets this religiously. The first couple of times he was in love with it, but the last time we got it, the sashimi tasted like it was defrosted. I know Ithaca is pretty devoid of fresh fish, but it tasted kind of off. Plus, they didn't add much rice and there was a lot of lettuce. Not Goodkurobuta: kuro buta means black pig in Japanese, but it just tasted like an italian sausage from Wegmans. Do not order! ika-shoga: the squid tastes like its frozen. The shoga (ginger) is not added well.", 3, 2], "X8JLVPb-_uK9x8jHHy3tVA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/1/2013", "Avoid this place at all cost...Fish is seriously not fresh. The bento box is vile. I had a chicken bento and all the Tempura were soggy as shit. Asian Cuisine's lunch bento is about a million times better than what I had at Plumtree. Lastly, they force a tip on you. If you they gave shitty service, why do I have to pay close to 20% tips, ridiculous.", 1, 0], "CPrjTbxJDwAs5IN2umgE2w": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "1/13/2013", "Ahhh Plum Tree: the decent sushi restaurant that people seem to continue to frequent, though for mysterious reasons. The sushi here is good (especially the dragon roll) ill give it that, so if you are craving sushi and go to Cornell, it's a no brainer. But...the dishes are just at that awkward price point where you can't really love the place. Cut 2$ off the price of every dish: bam! The place would be swamped and would begin to have ardent groupies (like CTB). Otherwise, there's nothing special about PT.", 3, 0], "X8uiO-9Aj9f0ibeLS1jyBQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "11/17/2012", "Having come here a little too early last week (they don't open until noon on Saturday's), a couple of friends and I decided to eat at Plum Tree for lunch this weekend.The Grub --* Chicken Katsu Box ($9.95) - All lunch boxes come w/ rice, house salad, dumplings, edamame & California roll or vegetable rollVenue Review --Tucked into a corner of Dryden Road, Plum Tree is a cozy restaurant with the majority of seating being booths and comfy red couches. They feature a sushi bar near the front of the restaurant and larger group seating in the \"second level\". The location is convenient for Ithaca's student population being right below Collegetown Plaza, across the street from Eddygate, and half a block down from Collegetown Center. It doesn't have much of an authentically Asian vibe to it.Food Review --Plum Tree has a great selection of rolls, sashimi, and warm udon dishes. I have previously tried the 007 roll and a couple others here for dinner, so this time I decided to try my luck with the lunch boxes (served between 11:30am and 2:30pm). At the low price of $9.95, I assumed that if it turned out badly, not too much harm could come of it.From a long list of lunch specials I ordered the chicken katsu, lightly breaded and fried chicken. It came with rice, a small salad, two fried dumplings, a handful of edamame beans, and four pieces of an avocado roll. It was already looking like a got a bang for my buck! The breading on the katsu was a little overcooked, resulting in slightly dry and overly crispy chicken.A friend of mine got the spicy tuna & salmon roll combo and she was kind enough to let me swipe a couple off her plate. I was pleasantly surprised by the ratio of rice to fish in each bite. Plum Tree doesn't skimp on the sushi filling. The spicy tuna also had a nice kick to it.Service Review --Our waiter was very quick with taking our order and then he vanished. Luckily, one of the guys I've seen working there is always cheerful enough and he gave us a big smile and cheerful \"hello\" and \"goodbye\" in Japanese (I'm assuming) as we left.Overall Impression --Competing with Miyake for the best sushi in town, I'd have to say that Plum Tree is my favorite of the two. Although a little pricey with some of their items, Plum Tree's lunch special will not make a dent in your wallet and still leave you feeling pretty full. Although Miyake does have a tasty signature dish, their Super Bowl, it goes for an outrageous $17.95 and with tax & tip you end up forking over a ridiculous $20+. It's been hit and miss for me at Plum Tree when it comes to food, but if you're looking for a good place to Sake Bomb, this is the spot. SAKE SAKE BOMB!", 3, 3], "IF0ZfiRRPloN5_AHpNdDfw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/31/2012", "I'm not sure why so many negative reviews, but I guess it's prob because I only order specific dishes that I know they are good at making whenever I go to plum tree, so I barely have any bad experience. Their special rolls are good. I like their sushi for 2, buta kimuchi and takoyaki, andddd ofc there mochi green tea ice cream. Agree that it is a pricey place, but they do have decent food as far as I know. Just don't go here in a big group, it'll take a long time for the food to come out.", 4, 1], "ELb61rAcLP0lQ2oMdLr2Og": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/20/2012", "This Japanese restaurant is supposedly the best around here. Why? Not sure. The service was good and the speed of the food coming out was decent. I ordered the vegetable naruto and it was decent. How can it get bad? It's just sliced vegetables wrapped into a circle. But I do taste a difference btwn very good vegetable narutos and decent ones. What's the diff? Flavor. I guess it's how ripe their veggies are and how they decide to balance each veggie in the roll.", 3, 0], "y3Y0yF_Pzu_7jzDaVh2nHw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/18/2012", "Well, for Ithaca, this place is pretty decent, though definitely a bit overpriced for what it is, especially at dinner. They have a mix of Japanese and Korean. The sushi is always decent, the rolls I've tried are pretty standard, the Kalbi is far and away the most impressive thing on their menu (especially having tried it at another Ithaca venue where it was awful!) The bento boxes are reasonable, but the dumplings in there are pretty gross.", 4, 0], "AIr0lwgFGBUyrO-dV0PY_Q": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/12/2012", "My boyfriend heard that this was the \"go-to\" spot around the campus area. Gamed, we decided to come here during our first night for dinner. From the looks of it, it is a fairly popular restaurant for university students who either come here to get a quick bite or to hang out with friends. We were seated quickly and were not bothered until we decided what we wanted to eat, which, for me, is something I prefer over people breathing down my neck.We ordered the kaarage chicken (lightly fried chunks of chicken with a touch of lemon), the agedashi tofu, kimchi & pork soup, and a spicy tuna maki, caterpillar maki, and two pieces of unagi nigiri. I would say that these dishes were decently good but not something to rave over. The fried chicken was good, but not something to write home about. The agedashi tofu was lukewarm in the inside, which I was not happy about. The kimchi and pork soup, my boyfriend's choice, was way too salty. As for the sushi, they were good, although I was skeptical about how light the spicy tuna was (too much mayonnaise perhaps?).I wouldn't say the dishes were ridiculously overpriced, but I must say that there are some dishes that aren't worth the price. Overall, however, the food and dining was fine and I would go here if I have a craving for Japanese food.", 3, 1], "ur1PWqsb0f8ZFBD-XfXBLA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "11/11/2011", "Sushi was excellent, as was everything else, but definitely overpriced-more akin to NYC pricing (or even a little higher) rather than upstate NY pricing.", 4, 0], "EQ5dJCgOIjQ-CG6Wo8Hmcw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/13/2011", "The dishes here are pretty good, but a bit overpriced and there's nothing special to them. It's better if you have their lunch boxes.", 3, 0], "FVEIH9H4w6QCDaVtjTsrAQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "7/11/2011", "If you wanna eat some good food, this is the place to be. I enjoy the specialty rolls at every japanese restaurant I go to, but without a doubt, the rolls here are on a whole another level. You can't get rolls like these anywhere but here. Get the Spicy Tuna Bruschetta, the Mermaid Roll and the 007 Roll, along with some warm sake. After that, you're set... I call it the King's Meal.", 5, 4], "vSny3t5XTfB55yVfUTqc1Q": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/10/2011", "food: 3 starsvalue: 1 star for dinner (better for lunch though)service: 3 starsI have gone here several times, usually because a friend suggests it. On my most recent visit the prices were as follows: specialty rolls are $8 - $15, simple rolls are $5 - $8, a plate of teriyaki is $13 - $20, a plate of tempura is $14 - $20, bento boxes are $19 - $23, and sushi specials are $19 - $30.Lunch bento box specials are actually a fairly good deal at $9 - $18.In my opinion dinner is way overpriced here. One specialty roll and an entree and you could be paying as much as $50 per person without alcohol (after tax and tip). The quality while decent doesn't justify the prices. It is similar quality to the sushi at Wegmans or any other place in town. For lunch though a bento box is quite filling and for not much over $10 you can leave relatively satisfied.For cheaper Japanese food I like Cafe Pacific or CT Bento Cafe. For better quality I prefer Myake's. This place isn't horrible but every time I go I feel either poor or hungry.", 2, 4], "N0EgWovXw703pds6X0P5sg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "3/31/2011", "Whatever you do, do not order the uni. Sure it's supposed to look like poop but not taste like it too! It did not taste fresh, despite them telling me it was. I've had uni often in the past, and never has it tasted this way.  With that said, the other sushis are okay. Don't try to be adventurous here, stick with the safe stuff.", 1, 1], "q-wKfXtfi3lqqxEOi8dkOA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "12/25/2010", "horrible service-bandaid in food We went on a Saturday night because my friend said this would be the only restaurant without a wait. Only later would I find out why there was no wait. The place was hot and stuffy when we walked in..but whatever we just wanted to eat and leave so we sat down with a party of 9. When the waitress (I think her name was Michele) came to take our order she started talking loudly about how we couldn't be on one check w such a large party..we said that was fine we wanted separate checks anyway. Then she proceeded to take one checks order at a time then run into the kitchen to put the order in while explaining the kitchen was really slow and couldn't handle all the orders at once. We still ignored the oddity and the fact that every time she came back to the table she oddly apoligized for our long wait b/c \"they're so bad back there\" even though it had only been about 5 mins. In fact, our food came very fast...probably within 10 mins. Half way through the meal, one of the guys with us ... We went on a Saturday night because my friend said this would be the only restaurant without a wait. Only later would I find out why there was no wait. The place was hot and stuffy when we walked in..but whatever we just wanted to eat and leave so we sat down with a party of 9. When the waitress (I think her name was Michele) came to take our order she started talking loudly about how we couldn't be on one check w such a large party..we said that was fine we wanted separate checks anyway. Then she proceeded to take one checks order at a time then run into the kitchen to put the order in while explaining the kitchen was really slow and couldn't handle all the orders at once. We still ignored the oddity and the fact that every time she came back to the table she oddly apoligized for our long wait b/c \"they're so bad back there\" even though it had only been about 5 mins. In fact, our food came very fast...probably within 10 mins. Half way through the meal, one of the guys with us quietly told his friend sitting next to him that there was a bandaid in his food, but that he didn't want to make a big deal out of it. A BANDAID IN HIS FOOD! once I found out I said we should at least tell them b/c that's disgusting and they should be wearing gloves or something if a chef is wearing a bandaid. We called the waitress who was defensive then asked for a manager. Shockingly, he was defensive too! He said nobody in the kitchen was wearing a band-aid and then began to look at us accusingly as if it were a setup!!! I couldn't believe it. I stood up and said the least they could do was comp that meal and walked out to meet up with other friends. I found out later not only did the meal not get comped...but the manager called the cops on us to get my friends to leave! Nobody had even been rude...I was the most vocal asking for a comped meal for the guy who found a bandaid in his food (how crazy and absurd of me). My food was fine (california roll) but nothing exceptional but the service was ridiculous and just odd even before the bandaid incident. I can't believe this place is still open for business and the health dept should investigate.", 1, 0], "9md7HOSH5WvkI8s054Ozxw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "8/30/2010", "Yum!I have a soft spot for this place because I would come here with a friend on Fridays during my senior year before our handgun safety class. Their lunch special is a good deal. You get a main dish (like donkatsu, chicken teriyaki, etc.) with 4 california rolls (which I don't care for, too boring, but I'll take what I can get), a small salad with the traditional ginger dressing, 2 dumplings, and a handful of edamame.Sushi here is pretty expensive (as it is elsewhere in the area) but it's relatively fresh and yummy.Decor is v. \"Asian\" with bamboo-colored tables and chairs and rice paper in the room dividers.They offer sake bombing here, but you have to do it on uneven, cheap wooden chopsticks and someone always ends up flipping the shotglass into the air and you leave the place reeking of liquor. But hey, it's all a part of the experience.", 3, 2], "KhbdXA1uhym5VCRhgwaQtg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "5/12/2010", "Large place staffed mostly by Cornell students who actually (according to our waiter) have the freedom to create their own rolls. Ours had concocted what he called \"Salamander\" which was a vegetarian option and also delicious. Stuffed with carrots, asparagus, some other stuff wrapped in avocado and topped with a slighty spicy red sauce.Ordered up some sake and a \"boat for 2\" which wow. The menu says it's for two, but we fed four on it and had leftovers. Good variety and all very tasty rolls - I liked the rock and roll best. Everything tasted very fresh and I left quite satisfied.", 3, 5], "dmv0NOaZHi1KdXCdLlynDQ": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "2/26/2010", "Third time is NOT the charm. I ate at Plum Tree a grand total of three times. I was trying to see if I was visiting on a bad day or what... but now I am pretty sure that this place is barely mediocre. First, the food isn't that fresh, EVEN for upstate NY. I mean, I know that pretty much all sashimi has been frozen at some point in its transportation to the restaurant, but I don't want to feel the limpness of the defrosted sushi, to taste the fishiness, or maybe even worse, not taste anything at all! Sometimes the sushi is warm-ish AND absolutely flavorless. Ew. And do not get the Unagi. Bad choice: overly sweet, another issue with freshness, and when I asked for sushi rice, I just got normal rice. Second, I had a bad experience with the staff in general. I went in, aside from getting food those three times, to solicit donations for the Cornell Law School public interest fundraiser. I asked to speak to the manager, and this guy was like \"I'm sort of the manager, what's up?\" Okay, sort-of-manager. I gave him the spiel, give him a form, and he was nice about it, so I said I'd be back Friday to collect the form/donations. I go back Friday, and the SAME guy comes out and says \"oh, uh, I don't know about that. Let me get the manager.\" Some OTHER guy comes out, I give HIM the spiel and ask if HE has the form. He goes back, confers with the sort-of-manager, and says \"Sorry, we're not interested.\" Why make me come back, then? Contrast this experience to other places (see: Subway) where the manager had a bunch of donations for us pinned up on a billboard days before I came back and all the employees knew about it. Plum tree staff is internally organized and inconsiderate of potential (and current) patrons. Bad sign. Specifically, though, I've also had one super nice server, so maybe the quality of service is kind of hit or miss...? But then, I don't like that lack of consistency either. Even though we're in Ithaca, I think there are better alternatives. Look down the street for better food and more consistent service.", 2, 1], "8B9tXfFwtzm-BG9vKVLN8A": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "10/22/2009", "This may be some of the best sushi you can get in Upstate New York. With that said, its still Upstate New York sushi. I mean, where does the fish come from? Besides this minor point, I love their salad with its ginger dressing. I also recommend the Ura, Volcano, Supersonic, and David Special rolls. For lunch, the bento boxes, particularly the vegetable teriyaki, are yummy and cheap.", 4, 10], "0PaLE1xelf6i2KsPCyZ9JA": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "12/29/2008", "I was a regular at Plum Tree's sushi bar for years and got to know the sushi chefs and staff. The Japanese owner/head-chef is super fast and offers the freshest sushi in Ithaca. If you love sushi, the best way to eat there is to order a la carte, chef's choice (you can tell him how much you want to spend). I personally loved my sushi with beer. If you're not in the mood for sushi, the seaweed salad is tasty/healthy, and the bento box is huge/filing.", 5, 14], "BAkZZlZAuIlQ0PCv6InSbg": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "11/1/2008", "SAKE SAKE BOMB!In the spirit of complete honesty, I have very little idea of what the food is actually like. I've only EATEN at the Plum Tree a handful of times. Every time I had the Teriyaki Chicken, which is not hard to make. I've even successfully completed it.Plum Tree is most known for its Sake Bombs. Cornell is one of those places so that if you get ANY visitor... inevitably, you will take them Sake Bombing.What can I say about Sake Bombing... It's a ton of fun, but be cautious... it can sneak up on you. And if you go way too overboard, it could result in your getting naked and running around your house. Trust me. Plum Tree is the gold standard in Ithaca sake bombing.", 3, 2], "GTZkWEiMrDX7H4RUB3xcaw": ["Yelp", "Plum Tree Restaurant", "4/8/2008", "I'm still a little confused by my experience at Plum Tree. The wait staff seemed confused. We were asked for our drink order 4 times by 4 different people. They refused to make a simple salad substitution. The food was okay, maybe we would have enjoyed ourselves more if we were having the sushi. All the other patrons in the restaurant seemed to be having a fine time.", 2, 2]}
{"5gc_r2L4yG6FsS_y97FnAw": ["Yelp", "Burger King", "1/18/2019", "If I could give less than one star, I would. I got food poisoning from the whopper meal and was sick ALL NIGHT. I called the company and the district manager basically told me that I was LYING and that they had NOTHING TO DO WITH IT. I didnt eat ANYTHING ELSE all day, so I know that it was this food. He told me that he couldnt do anything for me, and then as an IM SORRY he offered me A GIFT CARD FOR THE $7 THAT I PAID FOR MY FOOD. NO I DO NOT WANT YOUR FOOD AFTER VOMITTING FOR 6 HOURS STRAIGHT. ILL HAVE TO PASS. THANKS FOR THE OFFER. Do not go to this store if you treasure your health or mental stability, or if you dont want to be called a liar by the DISTRICT MANAGER. Fuck you burger king. -100 stars to you. You self absorbed bastards. You can go fuck yourselves with that $7 gift card.", 1, 0], "NOWHQI1xvt6V88cCZ0FKog": ["Yelp", "Burger King", "1/18/2019", "The Ithaca location Burger Kings are both significantly more expensive than are all other Burger King locations I've visited in Central New York, which includes Elmira, Horseheads, Cortland, Auburn, Watkins Glen, Syracuse, etc. For example, a veggie burger with cheese (including sales tax) costs $5.50 at both Ithaca Burger King locations, while the exact same veggie burger with cheese (including sales tax) costs $3.77 at most other CNY Burger King locations. This translates to the Ithaca Burger King veggie burger costing approximately 46% more expensive than most of the other Burger Kings in the CNY area.", 3, 0], "atxy-fQyYdr0gt-Wt4JK5g": ["Yelp", "Burger King", "1/26/2016", "Hands down the worst burger king I have ever been to. Almost lost my appetite during my 20 minute wait in line (with only 3 people in front of me). Perhaps I would have enjoyed my burger more if there was actually ketchup in the restaurant. I figured I couldn't go wrong with a soda, but I was fooled again as the establishment did not have anything but diet soda. Usually I am a fan of burger king and was disappointed in this visit.", 1, 0]}
{"TuPhB-0tRXCfZMx4iAUnwA": ["Yelp", "The Sub Shop", "7/8/2014", "Okay, so this is the business listing for a sub shop, which is a little strange, but it's one of very few places to get a sandwich in town without having to drive to another town. The shop is right across the street from Rogue Harbor Inn. It has a small gravel lot for parking and a few chairs outside if you wanted to eat there. There are also a few small booths inside if you're not taking your eats elsewhere. When you pull up, the place looks like a dilapidated shack house, and I guess it still looks like that when you go inside. The small dining/waiting area is surrounded by bookshelves covered with books for sale - each priced around $1. They appeared to be highlighting a soft-cover copy of 50 shades of grey on my visit. Hang a left when you enter and place your order with the guy on the grill behind the shelving. Pay after you receive your food. If you show up with the intention of ordering take out, expect a wait, as most other customers will have called in their orders. The food is standard backwoods sub shop fare. The cook used either a microwave or toaster about 7 different times before our order (two salads and a tuna sub) came out. Not sure what for. Price was reasonable at least, and the salad greens weren't rotten. Not many fresh veggie options, and adding more toppings will cost you. Canned mushrooms? I think I'll pass. If you're going to be in Lansing, and are starving, come here, or hit up the gas station on the way to Myer's point. They also have a deli counter. If you want something delicious, drive to Ithaca and hit up Wegmans. Their subs look and taste fantastic.", 3, 7]}
{"5EWRI9_9rbsgnoFDp-x5fA": ["Yelp", "The Terrace Restaurant", "9/14/2017", "Best salads on Cornell's campus. The lines get long at peak lunch times, but it's worth the wait for the unlimited toppings and sesame ginger dressing!", 5, 1], "6tBp_iTB0uqXFv5irEfhFg": ["Yelp", "The Terrace Restaurant", "5/15/2017", "Terrace is the best food on campus. The average meal here is between 7 and $10. The burrito bowls here are my favorite thing. The bar changes from day to day so it's super customizable. My favorite is the orange chicken burrito bowl. They also have really good quesadillas, and salads. A lot of people like the pho, Vietnamese noodle bowl, Korean rice kimchi bowl, and paninis, but I usually just stick to the burritos.The lines tend to get really long but they move pretty quickly, especially right after they open and right before they close.", 5, 0]}
{"2N_ICi6PrnPkonk69z0Dbw": ["Yelp", "Amit Bhatia Libe Caf\u00e9", "5/20/2018", "Baristas are always super nice and make the drinks quickly and accurately. Food is general cafe fare, good for a quick pick me up but that's about it. Lots of tabled comfy seating, but some people like to scream to their friends in the cafe, so that makes it less of an ideal study spot.", 4, 0], "CDPWZ5XWJDgpvepaF2ImSw": ["Yelp", "Amit Bhatia Libe Caf\u00e9", "7/26/2015", "The coffee is meh, the food is pretty disgusting to be honest. I recommend you to just walk to college town and get food.", 2, 0]}
{"S2KoE1faydqKfSgp2cgz8A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/22/2019", "Terrible customer service and subpar food. My friends and I were rushed out of the restaurant and the food wasn't even great. They could do better smh.", 1, 0], "fXNSi8aBJwmE_KlWDT1lmQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/26/2019", "Just went into taste of Thai for a quick lunch- a shared pot of seafood Tom Kha. I've had decent experiences at the restaurant in the past. The soup was made from cheap coconut milk lacking any real flavor, with canned mushrooms and yellowed and white cabbage (honestly it could have been iceberg lettuce), and chewy over cooked flavorless seafood. We didn't eat the soup and told the waiter we didn't want to pay for this food. The chef responded that they don't do that at their restaurant and that the food was delivered and we must pay. I didn't have any fight in me. Paid for an overpriced meal we didn't eat. Won't be back.", 1, 0], "8l2v0YbNUE2bE5AIdWOgDA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/24/2019", "Not great. Went to ToT over the Christmas 2018 holiday. Looking for something, anything to make the trip Ithaca to see in-laws worth the effort. This was not it. Should have stuck to Vietnam Restaurant in College town. Our server was a fine young thing of indeterminate gender and age and era. Very professional and very efficient. Really one of the finest servers in any Ithaca eatery in my nearly 30 years of coming to Ithaca.Sadly the food did not live up the the quality of the service. Little things like a gluey sauce on a chewy ginger chicken dish that tells of microwaving pre-cooked foods, to mealy and grainy potatoes in a curried dish that speaks of frozen potatoes in sauce quickly thawed for an ignorant clientele.Nothing that hit our table of 4 was of decent quality. Nothing was fresh. Nothing sparked or jumped out...except the server. When a 6' tall woman with 5 o'clock shadow outclasses the food...its time for her to move on to something better. Best of luck!", 2, 0], "3iT4Y1rlM4pfRJK_Kz3BEQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/17/2019", "This is probably my favorite thai resturant. the food was very delicious. i worked that resturant management is very friendly and helpful. they help alot and the kitchen staff was very friendly . they make best food like a gluten free , vegen .the staff was well experienced .i love working here at taste of thai resturant .regard mani", 5, 0], "Q1BwnphH1Kcp76r3GvZS-Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/6/2018", "This place was great! I ordered the spicy curry (I think it was either the green or red). Coming from out of town, my friend swore that this restaurant was the hot spot for Thai cravings in Ithaca. I was not disappointed. The restaurant has nice decor, a full bar, friendly staff, is a bit pricey but not unfairly so, and is moderately empty/quiet if you go on a weekday. It's a great ambiance for going out with groups or with a friend, family, a date, etc. 10/10 recommend.", 5, 3], "6PGNuSPyxmRt0GgCx5NP-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/28/2018", "Everything I tried was delicious I just did not agree with the portion sizes. By the end of the meal I was still craving more, but that could have just been because the food was that good. Flavor wise, I have no complaints and I still do recommend this restaurant, I just can put down a lot of food and was not really full by the end of the meal. But still if you are on the commons it is definitely a great choice. Especially if you aren't looking to put a hole in your wallet.", 3, 0], "y1tjXds_wKjHgQH0KEdoSA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/28/2018", "This food was decent, but didn't really live up to it's hype. I arrived super hungry and ordered the equivalent of the curried shrimp fried rice. It should have been called the \"onion fried rice with a few shrimp for decoration\". The flavor was decent, but not the best Thai I've had by a long shot. It was decent, and I might go back if I were in the area and hungry.", 3, 0], "YSgHpWSyY9RZn8kXKkq4tA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/26/2018", "Review for takeout: wait time was 40 minutes for one dish. Thats 40 minutes waiting at the restaurant for one dinner dish. The staff was apologetic and knew it was taking too long but my order was still not expedited. The food isn't with the inconvenience.", 2, 0], "niNe1oaa_AJ-_s9H8XMRNA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/23/2018", "Yesterday we had a dinner there. Ordered a lot... it was good, really good. Authentic taste, proper ingredients, excellent execution. Accompanied by a couple of bottles of Singha beer it did feel great. I was surprised by 3.5 ratings on Yelp, I definitely disagree. My wife is Thai and we spend a lot of time in Thailand so Thai cooking is home cooking for me.", 5, 0], "QdX9OGnZ-9o-_7ySMOnjOA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/4/2018", "Ordered our food and wine, we waited 15 minutes and they then came to tell us they had no red wine in the restaurant. Then our dishes came. I got sweetandsour stirfry extra hot and my partner got cashew chicken medium heat.They brought me no heat and him full heat, after I brought it to their attention that they didnt add any heat, the server proceeded to tell me that that particular dish doesnt get the option. What a waste of an anniversary dinner", 2, 0], "TMOQxyvq81kS91_y0Hzqaw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/9/2018", "Definitely not the freshest or most authentic Thai food experience--feels very Americanized. Lunch specials are meh. Drunken noodles were drenched in grease, not terribly spicy. Avoid any of the fried dishes. Staff and service were attentive and friendly, but there's better food options in the area.", 2, 1], "OxCD5_jRmBuv2_Q7TqLstA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/18/2018", "This place probably serves the best Thai food I've had in the US outside of NYC, and is pretty close to what I've enjoyed in Thailand. It was so good that we had dinner here both of the nights we were in Ithaca. The first night I asked our waiter to make our food as authentic as possible and I ordered my dishes Thai hot. I had the shrimp Tom Yam soup and spicy fried rice while my wife got duck in Penang curry. While they used pepper flakes for the heat instead of fresh chillis I was still sweating profusely but loving it and decided to take it down a notch for the next time. However, my wife and I truly enjoyed the rich, fragrant flavors reminiscent of the foods we loved in Thailand. Before we left I asked the waiter what exactly he told the chef to make the food so good and to our surprise he said \"nothing other than just placing the order at the heat level requested\" and that this is how they always cook it!With that we went back the second night and ordered the same Penang curry and enjoyed it even more! We highly recommend this place and suggest you don't go Thai hot unless you really want to experience the heat and miss out on the beautiful favors! Now we're just sad we live hours away.", 5, 0], "rvT-SjvNi70Pl5BAqENLOQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/6/2018", "This place is a staple in Ithaca. I've been coming here since I was a college student more than 10 years ago, brought my family here, then my then fiance now husband 6 years ago. Food is still amazing tonight. Great service. Love this place!", 5, 0], "_0d25_E7DKvU6w0bGzXVAw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/5/2018", "Great customer service, but this is not thai food, not even \"Americanized Thai\", more like \"Chinese food\" style. The place is clean, plenty of space and good service but the food is disappointing. They do throw curry here for flavor but it is still not it.", 2, 0], "gI4UsoANlm2BVqbakv23-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/29/2018", "This is one of my go to places in Ithaca for Thai . Never disappointed or walk away hungry . I tend to get he curry dishes and they are delish ! Staff is always fri badly and helpful we had Deanna for our waitress and she is truly genuine sweet awesome person! I don't think you will be disappointed trying this place out for lunch or dinner !! Thank you Deanna your awesome", 5, 0], "YR4gZvXjbn5x8LkufOMGQg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/27/2018", "Great place to have Thai curries. They were quite patient and accommodating for people with food allergies. Loved the pad Thai.", 4, 0], "r9YyWzMvmCpXEGY4aFGQhQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/4/2018", "A new entree Red Snapper with garlic pepper on a bed of cabbage. It is fantastic, amazing and Delicious. It was $24.95 and very reasonably for the amount you get. It's going to be a hit at Taste of Thai on the Commons.", 5, 0], "tXBO2WY8GacFwUi48Fa46w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/2/2018", "This is one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca. I have enjoyed all of the dishes i have had there. The seafood is quite excellent. The restaurant is conveniently located on the Ithaca Commons.", 4, 0], "BW7QAnUJZoIq4EHXRDoAFA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/22/2017", "Poor service, decent food. We came in about an hour before closing and asked if it was alright to come in, they said of course but urged us to order quickly, although there were still a couple tables eating. After ordering quickly, we received our food. About 10 minutes after that they decided it was time to run the vacuum all around us, keep in mind we were not the only customers in the restaurant. Honestly I was so dumbfounded, this is a moderately nice restaurant that charges a decent amount, not McDonald's. Unfortunately I won't be going back there after that.", 2, 0], "5GmU7ZX5Htd_sUKUVuQTYw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/12/2017", "I swear I have reviewed this place before but I'm going in again. When I first moved to the area 11 years ago this was the place. Impeccable service,great food, fast. It has gone way down hill in 2 years. Have a feeling they changed hands. Staff is odd- this weird combo of really sweet girls vs really kind of ratchet bad attitude girls and no consistency. I'll be hitting up tamarind which sucks cause I was loyal to this place ever since it turned from a Dunkin' Donuts to a Thai place", 3, 0], "EHd_4HjKMxigi1tSCQmy-A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/6/2017", "Great great great! Everything we ordered tasted great! And finally I had real seafood in an Asian restaurant in Ithaca, where most of the Asian restaurants just put tiny bit of shrimps and mini mussels and called them a seafood pot or something. The servers here were also very nice and friendly! Definitely recommend this restaurant!", 5, 0], "Ahed9EIgQuSwFI5nN0ZOGw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/4/2017", "It's a good Thai restaurant and it was so busy . You should make a reservation. We got chicken wing, fried broccoli and duck, green curry and rice noodle. All of them were good. You can choose spicy level for curry from 1 to 5. If you are up to spicy food, I recommend level 3. It was good.", 4, 0], "tPP7iolyuvI8M0RlqQmKng": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/7/2017", "We visit this restaurant about one or two times per year. Food is delicious, service is great, quality and quantity for price is more than fair. My only issue is the restroom! The men's room door is disgusting, the interior of the room is in desperate need of at least a coat of paint!", 3, 0], "TnPA4YrST_bHPtaDIyHqCA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/7/2017", "Food is good but service is extremely slow. Had a party of 7. Waited at least an hour for food, and another 20 mins to get the checks sorted. Would not recommend to any large parties.", 1, 0], "7TCZgOm54WU_emFxEYmi0A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/22/2017", "The food was nice and spicy just the way I wanted. Had the chicken spicy fried rice that made me sweat. Love it :D", 5, 0], "MHXZCHwL9-xo6pnb4MatpA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/4/2017", "Extremely slow. It took 2 and a half hours from entering the restaurant to leaving for five of us to eat dinner. There was no wait and the place had several empty tables. It was late Sunday night. Most of the appetizers came out about 40 minutes in except for one which ended up coming out as we were finishing up our meals despite the waiter tell us multiple times that it was cooking and would be out soon. It took about 2 hours from the time we sat down to the time that we got our food. Numerous other tables were complaining that they had been waiting forever as well. Waiter just kept telling them that the kitchen was backed up.After finally getting our food, it wasn't really that good. Of the five of us, no one really enjoyed their meal. I'm definitely never going back to this place.", 1, 0], "D9BW1XJZMrGLy-5w6Gn9tw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/8/2017", "Conveniently located, and they serve some tasty Thai dishes. The lettuce wraps were a nice appetizer, and the drunken noodles and Pad Thai were done well. There was some nice kick to the drunken noodles, even though I only ordered medium spice (this is a good thing)!The main downside to our meal was that the calamari we ordered was mostly breading, not a lot of squid in it. The breading was tasty, but it made up most of the dish. The dipping sauce was different from what you typically get, but pretty good.Thai iced tea tasted good, and so did the Thai iced coffee, but the latter was pretty darn sweet. We also got fried ice cream, and a little bit of jam on it was an interesting touch.", 4, 0], "How8daK_VbwIR3tGrwPfEA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/5/2017", "The food is decent. The shrimp pad thai can be heavy on the shrimp paste, but tasty nonetheless. Beef pad thai is good. However, when we arrived, there weren't many other tables occupied, but as the place filled up, the service slowed way down. Our entrees were brought out a few minutes apart. Nothing tragic, but still slow and not totally up to par. Definitely spicy food, since when offered mild, moderate, and spicy - the mild was moderate.", 3, 0], "hj483MovjXgrBawqH9bFDg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/10/2017", "Went with a large group of people on a Friday night for dinner. They served us quickly and accurately.  Fantastic selection of food, fun appetizers, and great atmosphere.  The Pad See Ew was excellent!", 4, 0], "78gsnjYNMURvKsgsQ6tzTQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/12/2017", "Such good food!!! I have to say, I'm from NYC, and I never thought I'd find the best Thai food in Ithaca. So much flavor and lots of menu options with meatless options too. Friendly staff. Very polite and super focused. Super happy with my experience here", 5, 0], "ZlDhZALO8RHXduswZ92PLw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/5/2017", "The food at Taste of Thai is fine but a bit lacking compared to what I normally get at other Thai restaurants. Also, the service was uneven, with dishes coming out on top of one another.My wife, daughter and I went in around 8pm on a Thursday night. We were seated immediately. My wife and daughter ordered cocktails - lychee martini and a special coconut milk martini. They both liked them. We also ordered a pot of tom ka soup with chicken. They delivered the cocktails and soup almost simultaneously so we had no time to enjoy the drinks before eating.The pot of soup is large, more than enough for 3 people. It was pretty good but lacking something, maybe short on the kaffir because it wasn't tangy enough. It also had only 3 tiny mushrooms in the whole pot.Our entrees - pad thai with shrimp and massaman curry chicken - came out while we were still working on the soup, again too quickly. The massaman was decently flavorful but seemed watery and did not have any peanut pieces, which I'd expect and prefer. The pad thai was our least favorite, just kind of bland. Overall, our meal was ok, not great, and felt rushed due to the service. The funny thing was that after finishing our entrees and having our dishes removed, no one came to our table for at least 5 minutes. So the service was just uneven. Taste of Thai is fine if you're really craving Thai food and aren't expecting something amazing.", 3, 2], "OYZtZKVmKi48rHu0xCkIpQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/10/2017", "Though Thai restaurants rarely reach my standards for a satisfying dining experience, I truly enjoyed the service and food at Taste of Thai on February 24, 2017.I was hesitant about what to order and aimed for something light, so the server walked me through the menu, highlighting what he considered good options. He did not rush me to make a decision but waited till I was ready to order.The food, oyster sauce stir-fried broccoli, had amazing flavors. The crunchiness of shrimp and the freshness of baby corn lit up my palate.If you want to try out a decent Thai restaurant in Ithaca, Taste of Thai should be your top choice. I definitely recommend lighter dishes because of the diverse flavor and ease on digestion. But I also heard that the heavier dishes are very genuine, so I will make another trip for them next time.", 5, 1], "Fag7pYO4NIM5t1jGgUKeJQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/17/2017", "The food is good. My vegetable soup tasted a bit fishy though. They were polite and made me a new bowl.", 3, 0], "J5_HqyDJtkvOCNwrMqQ_iA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/12/2017", "We got the yellow curry fried rice and the green curry (with jasmine rice). Both were fantastic and really enjoyable to eat. Taste of Thai never fail to give you a highly satisfying meal, in portion size, service and taste!", 4, 0], "lcAdSxOqSx8mU7JE-qImgw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/26/2017", "Defiantly worthy of a 5 star review. The location is perfect for a night out. Right in the heart of Ithaca. The atmosphere is one that communicates a fine dining experience. As I entered, I was greeted by wonderful staff, who showed me to a very comfortable seat. Overall very friendly and organized staff worthy of work at such a fine establishment. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. I was giving great suggestions on appatizers and a main course. Now I will move on to the food. The dishes I was served were absolutely delicious. I ordered the yellow curry, while a friend ordered the Thai Fried Rice. The food came out quickly, and right off the bat looked delicious. But when I tasted it I knew this would be my favorite Thai place in Ithaca. The curry was delicious, and the rice that was served was wonderful, a perfect combo, and an amazing meal. I did try my friends Thai Fried Rice, and the taste was amazing. A perfect balance of flavors. As we payed, I ended up seeing the manager. I thanked him, and another great experience, as he is a very friendly man who is clearly excellent at his job. Couldn't be happier.", 5, 0], "AQgiH_1gDM3_TN8JlYCM9Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/17/2016", "I came here around 6:00 in the evening for dinner. We weren't greeted for 10 minutes waiting around (which then we should have left). Anyways, things get way worse! The female servers there act if there shit doesn't stink. No personality or any type of friendly bone in their body. The food was terribly overly salted and poor quality . What a disappointment this place was. I would never recommend this place to anyone.", 1, 1], "Ml_KstP7yx50MFpfsSTXsw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/26/2016", "The attentive and friendly staff were great, and food was good. We realized after we left (by looking on Yelp) that they automatically added 18% gratuity to our bill, which wasn't apparent to us at the time, even though we always review checks before paying. We of course left a tip for our $50 bill. Pad Thai was good. Emerald curry was yummy though the portion was smaller than expected. I did enjoy the $5 \"Thai Bloody and Spicy\" bar special they had going on - basically a Bloody Mary. We had a red curry that was just decent. Their bathroom needs a lot of work, to the point of being almost unappetizing, which I'm sure they know as they have a sign that said they were under construction and to please excuse their appearance. I would go back when in town but be careful of the automatically charged gratuity. Maybe just for take out.", 3, 1], "LizpzHwWvoIJBysLvCoBzw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/19/2016", "In response to Nicole G. of Fort Lee, NJ: -Her food was cold because she vanished from her table for the longest time, God knows what she was doing in the restroom while her dinner was served, and I don't wanna know;-Pad Thai is the #1 seller at any Thai restaurants with no maple syrup never ever, Taste of Thai is no exception;-Thai Iced Tea generally comes with condensed milk to the dislike of the general public and most importantly, those who are allergic to lactose, so half & half has become the widely used as substitute;-Papaya Salad also in great demand runs out fast on a daily basis because of its short supply;-Portions are copious to the amazement of many;-Being called 'Sweetie' sounds better than Stupid Ignorant Little B***h, u decide!;-18% is standard nowadays bc of the international crowd who assume that there is no tipping like in their home countries, or tips are already included. Read the menu, ask questions, educate yourself.Customers are kings, but to certain extent. Father, mother and daughter hated everything while claiming to know Thai food. Bangkok, Paris, London, New York, Upstate, Downstate, or same city never have exact same cooking, let alone same taste. Even in Chinatown, same food but different cooking, and oh service! Nobody speaks English, manager included, but what to expect? It's what it is. Girl, u 3 were gold medal at your abusive behavior, obnoxious, ignorant, inconsiderate, downright rude. Said u haven't seen anywhere in the world both the green half-shelled mussels from New-Zealand and Thai iced tea with half & half, what world u been exactly? The trio was extremely un-servable, yet still lucky for not being kicked out pronto! No place would never ever stand to have patrons from hell like u, your dad & mom abusing waitstaff. U don't treat any restaurant like your own kitchen, period. And u better tip waiters wherever u dine, like it or not, or stay home, cheaper! Maybe u guys tried to get free dinner by making such a scene, a despicable spectacle of yourselves. As low as it gets!Lastly, just do yourselves a huge favor, never come back!", 5, 2], "VQnz_zsIbFjurBsXt3dgMA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/19/2016", "I would give zero stars if I could. If you want cold, overly sweet Thai food (literally pad Thai with maple syrup) and Thai iced tea with half and half this is this place. If you want sour papaya salad, bingo. Pad se ew with 5 countable strands of noodles, you got it. When I brought this up to the manager/owner, he said \"sweetie, this is not New York City\". Oh and automatic 18% gratuity is added to the bill, even if you're 2 or 3 people. Great. Please do yourself and humankind a favor and do not eat here. Wouldn't even take my leftovers and give it to a homeless person.", 1, 0], "rUJLTbVVDPOrnzkEre_xfQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/23/2016", "Came here around 7pm on a weekend. It wasn't crowded. My water cup had 2 black specs... horrible! We ordered the quail for our appetizer and the following entrees: pineapple fried rice, frog legs, pad see ew, and the fish curry. Only thing I enjoyed was the fish curry. Everything else was either too oily, rubbery, soggy or overcooked.I also asked for VERY spicy for all dishes and the only dish that they got correct was the fish curry.Also, maybe this is typical of NY, but they automatically charged 18% gratuity... and we were only a party of 3! In CA, an 18% gratuity is only warranted for parties of 6 or more. Not sure what warranted this 18% charge. Plus, service was mediocre. I had to ask twice for more water. When we finished our food and were waiting for the check, they kept refilling our water... thanks, but no thanks. I had to tell her to stop bc I didn't want to waste water!Would not return. I'm sure there's better Thai food in Ithaca--if not, I'll have to open my own shop.", 2, 2], "K-xdcxFDekzbL5I7lVY3hQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/15/2016", "Quite possibly my favorite place to eat in Ithaca - I make it a point to eat here any time I'm in town. Great service, amazing food (and their Thai iced tea is the perfect level of sweet & creamy). The green curry and drunken noodles are my go-tos but you can't go wrong with the lettuce wrap app, any of the curries, or the stir fries.", 5, 0], "m3_XxER6Ta2MScOcoqfF3w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/30/2016", "Excellent fare, in a subdued setting. Outstanding service. Portions are generous.", 4, 0], "3QTaFBPV6-W9HBj1o93ovw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/29/2016", "3 stars. Why? Their foods good but I ordered the hot level of fried rice but it really wasn't that hot...", 3, 0], "GFHEjnQdnmtjogTKNGLOjA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/25/2016", "best steamed veg platter with peanut sauce!!! healthy but pricey. very good vegan selections and good service!!! very clean awesome food!! i like the selection of veggies you can choose, great vegan savory soup....but mine was supposd to come with tofu and glass noodles which were missing :( good overall though", 5, 0], "8YMsnpEx73DdTaXEMkMUYw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/19/2016", "Started off with squab appetizer... really good! Savory minced pork soup delicious.The outstanding pineapple curry with duck was recommended by our server Eden... who, by the way was one of the best servers I've had in a long time. Eden was patient, friendly and very informative. Waxahatchee is the band, Eden!Finished with sticky mango rice desert... delicious!", 4, 6], "Uxg3tsiRKG_-JbdalUqT9Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/17/2016", "Our best vegan meal in Ithaca. They are flexible with most of their dishes, willing to veganize... tweaked my favorite dish, Pad see ew, to make it vegan, adding tofu and removing the egg. The curry that my wife got was excellent too. We'll be back next time we're in town!", 4, 2], "8QB7tzjgmFhUkZVV64UhWA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/13/2016", "Terrific Thai place out of a choice of several in Ithaca. But this is the only one that has the tiny Thai eggplants in the vegetable dishes. A unique flavor you won't get anywhere else.", 5, 0], "IlKZnpEHW01zikT0SlwyHQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/5/2016", "While my first experience at Taste of Thai was a pleasant experience, my most recent experience was not.There was an issue with the restroom, so the front of the restaurant smelled like sewage. Despite this, they tried to seat is right outside the bathroom. We asked to be moved and they accommodated (though the smell permeated slightly). Waiters were not assigned to tables, so service was horrific. We were never checked on, glasses went empty throughout dinner, and while we wanted to request hot sauce (because food was not spiced as requested), we could not.The papaya salad tasted like artificial lemon juice.", 2, 0], "tajm9l2S9xtH_jcBujnXsg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/5/2016", "Like many others have noted, the service is not great. We went on a slow Monday afternoon and stood at the door for several minutes before the two people at the bar decided to greet us. We were sat with the message that the kitchen was closing now and we had to put our order in immediately. We were sat and immediately asked to order in a hurried fashion. We rushed the order. We then witnessed the manager/owner greeting new guests and offering them a table. No mention of kitchen closing. No rushing their order. This kind of discombobulated activity continued. I'd give this place a pass if the food was really good, but it wasn't. Wouldn't go back if they paid me.", 2, 0], "oWdy44L03oecMXYlPWaMUA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/4/2016", "Massaman Curry is soooo good! Tho a bit salty.Service was a bit slow due to the busy hour.", 5, 0], "JLLTufnzHOTpB6ca5YMrVg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/2/2016", "I am writing the review while I am in the restaurant, though I love the place I am having a really bad experience. When I first arrived the first thing they told us we should be back in an hour, then they realized it will be 10 minutes. So we were happy and waited for the 10 minutes to be seated. After that we were waiting for the waiter to come and take the order. It took them around 20 minutes to send someone to take the order though we asked several times. I order Banang Curry and then they brought a wrong order. I was with my husband and we ended up eating separately. While we were waiting for the Banang curry to come, another waiter brought us the check.This was a very bad experience for me, I do not think I will go there again!", 1, 0], "LSrldNPLfBNVom8pct0QQQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/30/2016", "We were on Seneca trip and decided to visit my bff's daughter who was moving in to Ithaca College for her 2nd year on same weekend. As a college student, Ithaca Commons is their normal food trip route. As she suggested, we dined in to this place. It was packed when we walked in. Luckily we got seats right away to think it was a move-in weekend. I am not a newbie to Thai foods, actually, I find Thai cuisine the best based on my past dining experiences. As we walked, the place was not appealing to me. Our waitress was nice. She gave us more time since we were a little undecided of how we want to do it. She gave us suggestions and informed us for how many people each order can serve. I like it when she said that I could change the spiciness of what I have order into mild flavor only. We sampled some of their famous cuisine- the tamarind duck soup, the pad thai, their pineapple friend rice, koi kua ( noodle with scallion, lettuce, eggs, chicken and squid) , pra lam long son( meat with spinach and their peanut sauce) & panang (meat with basil, leaves, bell pepper with their curry paste and coconut cream). It took a while before our food was serve.For me, based on the samples from our order that I have tasted , there was nothing that spectacular. It's an OK pretty standard taste. I have tasted better prior dining. I am from Queens, NY and it is a county that has the most diverse restaurants. When total bill arrived, it was somewhat more than I was expecting.", 3, 4], "BpUX8Vk4Xe1nhu9VAwSNIg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/28/2016", "Thank you so much for the wonderful meal last night! We were visiting with my cousin from Brooklyn who is an Ithaca College freshman. The vegetarian Pad Thai and the soft shell crab special were delicious. Love the way everyone works together so that it all runs smoothly! And keep that Ella.. She's a whirlwind!!", 5, 0], "XwM729hI5BsBL8c1YoFCAw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/25/2016", "Very friendly staff and attentive to you. We went in new to Thai food and waitress was very helpful and helped us decide on the right item. Would highly recommend this place.", 5, 0], "_sNP1LiDoRuK74TqDBO_vA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/17/2016", "I have never eaten in the restaurant but I have ordered their food to go many times. Portions are big and delicious, I get the chicken pad thai almost every time, it's great.", 4, 0], "SrMcgHeLhNTcKE43Plq1sQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/11/2016", "Gone downhill. I ate here about once a month in 2015, and it was always above average, then I moved away. Yesterday I was on a one day visit and went in for the lunch special. The salad was 10 small pieces of warm lettuce, a few desiccated shreds of carrot, and a clear, sugary dressing. I had pad see we tofu, which tasted pretty good, but was laden with salt and msg, and within 10 minutes after eating I had diarrhea.Time to review your food handling practices, guys.", 1, 0], "sCGYOjnDn4S870D1vm7fjA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/7/2016", "Fantastic find! We had the Spicy Basil Beef and the Pineapple Chicken Curry. They were both great. The beef was tender and the chicks was free from grizzle that I've had in other chicken curries.", 5, 0], "-S-g8NL5qpcOEdgOuXQbEA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/6/2016", "This is my first review, so sorry if it's a little jumbled! I was very impressed by the Taste of Thai. I went to the restaurant at 5:30-6 on a Friday night, and sat in the front. It wasn't packed, but there were more people in the back that I couldn't see. The good was delicious. I ordered the yellow noodles with beef, and the dish was excellent! It was so filling, and I ended up having to bring it home. He person I was eating with got the duck salad(?), and I loved stealing bites off their plates. The taste of both dishes were delicious, the duck was crispy and the beef was tender.", 5, 0], "fyv3aVZ_YXo5V3nAjtmbXA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/30/2016", "We tried Taste of Thai for the first time last night. It was quite busy, but we were lucky to be seated right away. We were given water and asked if we wanted anything right away for our toddler. That was nice. We ordered Tom kha with tofu for him, as well as a beer and a mojito. Soup came out rather quickly, but no drinks. We slurped away at the soup for the longest time waiting for our drinks (the tom kha is pretty good, actually). Our server (who looked totally stoned) came by to see if we were ready to place the rest of our order. I asked when our drinks were coming and she asked, \"oh, what did you have?\" I told her, and she said, \"yeah\" and raced off to put the drink order in. They came right out, but no apology for forgetting them. The mojito was a rip off. Tiny glass full of ice, no taste of alcohol, one tiny piece of scraggly mint floating atop the ice.We ordered spring rolls, basil stir fry with tofu, and panang curry with \"mock chicken\" (seitan). This is a pretty typical order for us at thai restaurants. Spring rolls were crispy, hot, and yummy. Both entrees were cold when we got them. By then, we were full from soup and rolls, and didn't want to take the time to send them back. We wondered how our entrees could be cold when we have a server, there's a food runner, there's a hostess, there's a manager running around, a water guy, a couple other servers...and only six tables or so. They need to have the server serve the tables instead of having four different people doing different things for the table. That's total chaos. Food was decent (not nearly as good as Taste of Thai express, which is only mediocre itself). Tofu was hard and flavorless, though.It was also quite hot in there. I'm not an especially heat sensitive or sweaty person, but my back was soaked with sweat. It was very uncomfortable. The hostess kept stomping back and forth in the restaurant chomping on mouthfuls of food. At one point (LOL) she had rice and grease on her face. I flagged her down and asked for to go containers...and at that point, I was going to discretely let her know about the leftovers on her cheek...buuuuttt...she put her hands up and said, \"ohhhh...ummm...your waitress can get that for you,\" so I decided to let her continue to model the dinner special, haha. She did eventually bring me containers.More waiting and flagging people down for check, etc.The place has a dingy look and feel. No ambiance at all.We won't go again. Too much good food around the corner to waste time and money here. And, yes, as others have said, it is way overpriced.", 2, 1], "bV1MoTLwCctQ5gSdg98Ctw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/11/2016", "Solid Thai restaurant that offers all the usual favorites at other Thai restaurants, but some new items including a creamy Tom Yum (who knew?), Prawn Sarong (shrimp wrapped in ramen), and a fairly large menu of many different possibilities. I was also surprised by their dessert menu, which included everything from sticky rice and mango to fried ice cream and some sort of vegan chocolate cake. I would have to say that the best part of the meal was the soup, and if it was especially chilly outside, I might come back just for a pot/cauldron of something.", 3, 4], "ueYzuKYT36k0ZG65XBKfQg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/22/2016", "I went back on Tuesday, it was kind of quiet at 2 pm, they changed lunch menu and not sell Rad Na anymore. (Pad see u with lots of gravy on top.) So I skipped that and ordered drunken noodle with beef instead. Food prepared was way better than last visit in February. Beef pieces look better, bigger and overall, preparation look colorful and healthy. But seems like they change chef and serving style and management team. And for the taste, it's not best as last year and not worst as last visit, too. Kind of in between, so I give them 3 star. But in the future I would have lunch at Hai Hong Collegetown better because the taste is better and they still serve Rad Na, my most favorite ever. :) But for lunch choice in town, I like the Uncle Hot Dog Food truck in Common . :)", 3, 0], "mtz0gmBI51es1y28TfYe-A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/18/2016", "I dined here this evening with GrapeWife. They have a few tables outside in the Commons but we opted to eat inside. We were promptly seated and our drink and appetizer orders were quickly taken. We got the fried spring rolls which were among the best I've had. I ordered Panang Curry and GrapeWife had Drunken Noodles. Our entr\u00e9es came out just as we wer finishing our spring rolls. The portions were a bit small but the meals were very tasty. The curry was thicker than any I've ever had but that wasn't a bad thing. The service was good too. Grape Approved.", 4, 1], "A5bnajvj7FZEXhjJkOc8Uw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/1/2016", "Great, reasonably priced Thai food on the Commons. Our server recommended some good options to share with a toddler and they were spot on. Service was quick and friendly. Recommended.", 4, 0], "V6SZ8dOw4XoA6TRIW2QZqQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/30/2016", "Food was good and perfectly sized! I got the roasted duck tamarind which was tender and balanced between notes of sweet and savory, just the way I liked. Highly recommend their Tom Kha soup, coconut milk broth with lemongrass: SO flavorful. Also tried a pi\u00f1a colada mocktail: pretty good but also really sweet, and sadly could not finish it. A friend had the orange chicken and said it was good, though their was a lot of fried dough. Service can be quite slow, but with a big group we had good company and didn't mind too much", 4, 1], "Oq4oizY5eltM-HF9SlbSWA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/6/2016", "Poor service, there is a reason why they automatically charge gratuity. It is so that the waitresses can neglect your table and still get a tip. Food was mediocre at best and service was absolutely dreadful. 10/10 would not recommend.", 1, 3], "9PK4-dVwQXUnohuTKakopA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/30/2016", "Rice cakes tasted fine, but the sauce that it came with was exceptional. Duck salad was too salty. The duck tasted great. The fried icecream was good, only that the icecream was slightly frozen. The kind of inconsistency from iceream that has been thawed and then refrozen. The kitchen took a long time to make us food (45min), considering we had a large party of 20. Lastly, the waitress with black hair and a foreign accent charged us 28% tips instead of 18.", 2, 1], "rcxNZMoMzT4Dg0ZOHnTQWA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/28/2016", "What a great place. Came in for lunch 5 minutes before it closed and they squeezed me in. I had a beautifully flavoured Green Curry, I asked for spicy and it delivered. Vegetables were crisp and the tofu cooked very well. Will definitely return.", 5, 1], "mhWvzbf8IF57reT0Nqh7ig": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/8/2016", "I travel a lot and also go out to eat a lot, and this is my all-time favorite restaurant. The food is absolutely amazing. The service is great, the location is great, and I love going here.", 5, 1], "hYYxKDHy6RpbbipAOKNdyw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/17/2015", "So I assumed I had been to this place before, but the other location - I was wrong. I have never been to either location so this is my first impression.The hostess was kind of a ditz. It was crowded at the door with open seats but still having to wait for 15 minutes for a table. We sat at the bar instead, not a lot of room but it was fine, we just wanted to eat. The bartender took our orders, nice guy.I ordered Som Tom as an appetizer, I am not a huge fan of spicy food but I like some spice to that meal and it was pretty easy to eat. Tasted good but it didn't really hit the spot for me. I feel like something was missing from it but I couldn't quite tell what it was. The thing that irritated me about this was he brought me my appetizer and said oh, your meal is ready too but i'll wait until hers comes out (a friend who I went there with). So my food sat there waiting.Finally, we had our meals. Pad See Ew, my go to. Again, good, but nothing special that blew me away. I ordered mango and sticky rice and it took 10 minutes for us to get it. We sat there and wanted our checks to leave by the time it came out. I think this place is good for the college students and it is easily accessible. If it's winter, they prop the door open and it can get really cold. Not smart. I would suggest going to Thai Basil instead, but that is my opinion. The food was good, but nothing memorable.", 3, 3], "9R_ZRKjvPoi674lpudlBlA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/8/2015", "Had dinner here for the first time before a show at the State Theater.We felt welcome and the service was timely.Not being sure what to order, the waitress was very informative in helping us.Food was very good and imaginative.We will return on another visit to Ithaca.", 5, 1], "lTe6q41cWtRzGNAdiojUxw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/27/2015", "Very good Thai at Ithaca, middle of no where (lol). The Thai Spicy Noodle was great and the Coconut Black Sticky Rice is a must try", 5, 1], "UjBqwilSluv9pNSakVeJmw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/19/2015", "This place has really good Thai food! There are vegan and vegetarian options galore! Sometimes the service isn't the greatest but they strive to make it right if they get your order wrong. In the summer, they will put flowers on your dish and it looks really pretty!", 4, 0], "iTNvjwA_HsTgpReWh_Q3-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/8/2015", "Good food if you are a college student craving some ethnic Thai food. The place brings every dish out at once so I don't recommend ordering a soup :-) Spicy Thai Chicken is a dish I recommend. Penang curry is not bad either", 3, 1], "sQ3GfmO5kM0E9vJSHSZdKw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/8/2015", "What happened to this restaurant? And that's not a rhetorical question, I'm wondering if something major really happened like a change of ownership? I have no idea but whatever happened it was catastrophic. We have been coming here for years (nearly everytime we visit the Ithaca area) and it's always been a nice friendly little restaurant with tasty Thai food. We went there this weekend and it was like the evil twin of the old Taste of Thai. Surly management, overwhelmed waitstaff, overwhelmed kitchen. Absurdly long wait, wrong orders delivered to our table, inaccurate spice levels in the food. Not going back, time to find a new place from the many offerings in Ithaca.", 1, 1], "_lzrrGkOc02DDDjlF47zKg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/28/2015", "This has always been my favorite Thai spot in Ithaca. I have only ever had spring rolls and pad Thai but both are very good. The pad Thai comes with chicken and shrimp which is nice and the sauce isn't too sweet. However, they have recently really cut down on portions.. I used to love coming here for pad Thai because i could always take home half of it for leftovers. Now they have cut portions in half so you can't do that anymore. Sucks that you aren't getting the same bang for your buck. But they probably had to cut back to reduce costs to pay for the time they were closed due to the health code violation from a plumbing issue. But I'm happy to see that the food is still up to par.", 4, 4], "3JLZhMli4G89Qh3zRInF0w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/17/2015", "0 stars. Will never come back, would not recommend. My friends and I stopped by for dinner as a party of 3 last weekend. It was packed that night but we we were seated after 15 minutes, a bit sooner than the expected wait time. Our waitress took a while to take our order--understandable, since the restaurant was packed. The wait to get our food, however, was significantly longer. My friends and I talked for as long as we could during this time, all while our waitress made the table of 8 behind us feel very accommodated, checking up on them and making small talk every so often. The table that was seated after us had already gotten their food after we waited for 30 minutes. After about 35-40 minutes of waiting, we saw that another table seated after us had gotten their food as well. I inquired about the status of our order, and after our waitress came back she informed us our order was fourth in line. Fourth in line?? I asked her why our order was so stalled but she kept saying there was a lot of people today....not a proper explanation since we shouldn't have even been on a line at that point when tables seated after us were already eating. Fourth in line also led me to believe she had just put in our order only after I asked about it.Yet still, we waited. Ten minutes later our waitress came back with just one of our dishes, and the wrong one, at that (tofu was used in place of chicken). We sent the dish back and after a total of over an hour of waiting, the crowd in the restaurant had completely died down.... Alas, only then did we get all of our food and a brief apology from our waitress. By that time, the table seated after us had already eaten finished their meal and was headed out. Our food was alright, though nothing to write home about. However, my friend who is vegetarian noted that she ate a small piece of chicken in her tofu Pad Thai. Thankfully she is vegetarian by choice and doesn't have any serious adverse reactions from consuming chicken so we didn't want to make it a serious ordeal by complaining to the staff.The biggest joke of the night however, was when waitress told us that the 18% gratuity is mandated by the establishment when she handed us our check, probably knowing the service overall was sh*t but still wanting to be compensated for it. I decided to complain to the manager, expecting him to be sympathetic. While he did eventually take the gratuity off our tab, he first gave me a small lecture on the purpose of gratuity. Not appreciating his condescension, I repeated that the gratuity paid should reflect the service received and then I brought up the fact that my vegetarian friend had a piece of chicken in her dish. He replied it was impossible given the way he runs his kitchen. Listen, I don't go to restaurants to nit-pick at service or lie about the food I receive, and I certainly don't go looking to argue with restaurant managers about the way they run their kitchens; I go to eat. While I don't believe the old adage \"the customer is always right\" is in fact always right, any respectable restaurant manager should respect their customer's word. My friends and I paid and left, thoroughly disappointed with Taste of Thai. If you're looking for a place to eat, go anywhere else and if all other establishments are packed, you might as well go to a supermarket like Wegman's for their already prepared foods because Taste of Thai's is certainly not worth the trouble. First impressions aren't always the best indicator of character, but unfortunately Taste of Thai offers nothing exceptional enough to warrant a second.", 1, 3], "0eegflH2wGaeworDAIxWRw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/10/2015", "Didn't even make it into the restaurant to eat. My boyfriend wanted to come here for his birthday. We were waiting in line to speak with the hostess, and she skipped to the group behind us even though we were there first. We walked right out. Not even worth our patronage. Incredibly disappointing.", 1, 4], "m4fS8yYWBzuCAXVjAPBpWg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/10/2015", "It's indeed very slow. One of the waitresses said when it's full, an average of 45min wait for food is normal. (After being seated)", 2, 2], "TpJQFPbd78Kh4Y3eGMZ8Wg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/20/2015", "Ate here with a friend celebrating their birthday. I had the Pad Kra Pao with all the seafood fix-ins, and they had the tofu fried rice, and everything exceptional, though the service could be better. It's pretty darn good. The thai iced tea was A+.", 4, 1], "DIaTJJ8I_E_YVyY25sfb5g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/7/2015", "Got take out because they were busy. First we waited an hour longer than they said it would be. Clearly the food was thrown together hastily, and the portions were WAY smaller than they should be. I know because I am a frequent customer, and I know the portion size. Also I paid too much for so little food. Called to complain and Patrick told me to come back to the restaurant. I drove all the way back, Patrick met me but then continued to ignore me and serve other customers. After waiting when I finally got his attention he refused to be of assistance or give me my money back. I won't be returning.", 1, 0], "jj-IA7d-Pu1pL9N9PmbtiA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/6/2015", "SLOW SLOW SLOW. Every time I've come here, I've waited almost an hour for food. Absolutely ridiculous.", 1, 1], "Q68VBSJnxGTABMRD0NJzew": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/14/2015", "Service is a bit slow, but amazing Taste of Thai Chicken! I was tired of getting chow fun and pad thai, so I decided to try taste of thai. It's really good and VERY filling. Could barely finish it. Thai iced tea is delicious too!", 5, 2], "SRsPa2dCxsF5G8VE51tFGg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/11/2015", "I've been going here since I was a college student and always have to go back whenever I visit Ithaca. Always love whatever I get here but the Spicy Rad Nah is my go to meal. Comes with a ton of sauce and can get very spicy! Highly recommend getting the Thai Iced Tea, it's one of the best that I've had!", 5, 0], "iGpUvJEoHUJIIjteMrILVg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/27/2015", "A dead fly in the dish, wrong billing, and no apology at all. The waitress seemed to find it no big deal to have flies in the dishes. It's not the taste of Thai is used to be.", 1, 3], "O2TCXIs6rseSlCxyyofb3w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/17/2015", "Probably the best Thai restaurant I've been to. Food is delicious, but the restaurant itself is kind of cramped, dated, and unimaginative. I usually go when I'm in town, but not if I don't want to feel rushed.", 4, 0], "21C5yjjZZkbFzZZ3Yu0Hpg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/5/2015", "Great food! Nice staff. We had pad thai, spicy fried rice, spring rolls satay. All very good! We will be back.", 5, 1], "XaV3UIKRCSUx7LjWqWet0g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/27/2015", "Best Thai (easily) in Ithaca! Their noodle dishes are delicious, especially those incorporating tofu.", 4, 0], "FvRI-Yke03XTFBb5vr6Q3Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/25/2015", "I LOVE this place! First the staff has been there for awhile, I love that even now I'm not in town anymore some of them still recognize me. The atmosphere is casual to semi dressy, I like it how it goes both ways, very flexible, awesome prices and amazing food. I suggest pad sew yew (did I spell that correctly?) but I oven go with new friends Everytime I do go and everything I've tried has been wonderful. Just a note, I would drive in from elmira just to go here!", 5, 0], "miOgFlRvIzKQ00eA-DNuNA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/21/2015", "We were looking to have an early dinner, so we were also pleased to know that they were open at 4 pm, unlike many of the places which do not open until 5pm. We have eaten at Taste of Thai many times, so I figured it was time for a review.There were very few people in the restaurant so we did not have to wait for a table, and received very prompt service. When it's busy, there is really no good place to wait for a table without hovering by the doorway or waiting outside which it far from ideal. We have been there when it's been very busy and crowded, so this was a nice change. The restaurant is small so when it's packed to the gills you can feel a bit cramped.We started with the Thai Spring Rolls which were hot, crispy, and delicious. We also had the Papaya Salad, which was good. The portion was small in comparison to other places, and there were no tomatoes in it like the description on the menu. Not a bad version of the dish, but I've definitely had better.The Pineapple Red Curry was flavorful and delicious with a nice kick - full of pineapple, eggplant, basil, chicken..etc. The Tom Kha soup with tofu (which we got to-go and ate later) was equally as delicious. Just the right combination of flavor and kick.The service was very good, so no complaints there - the waiter we had was pleasant and attentive.Overall, it is a great place for Thai food and we will continue to dine there in the future. Biggest cons are the lack of parking, no place to wait for your table when it's busy, tightness of the tables, and the fact that the bathrooms are downstairs where it is dark and not the most pleasant experience.", 4, 2], "V5kREjms0pWxg6GbVvmnfg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/29/2014", "Been going here since 2008. Was my favorite restaurant for years until recent. I didn't go for about 8 months until last week. Portions got slightly smaller and menu changed. Still was delicious but slightly less satisfying. Lettuce wraps appetizer still amazing as always.", 4, 0], "Z5cA9zBSeS1fl9yQjSoAIw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/25/2014", "First off, I just want to say that I used to like this place. The food was decent, nothing special but it was good enough and the atmosphere was low-key. A good second option when eating near the commons (after my first choices of Moosewood, Saigon Kitchen, Viva Taqueria, Maxie's etc). However after my last meal I will never go back. The food was average at best, but what was really shocking was the service. I was eating dinner on Xmas eve with my elderly mother who didn't want to cook so we found a place that was open where we could have a nice, quiet meal. The server who brought our food had a weird, flippant attitude--when I mentioned that they had forgotten the soup I ordered she said \"no soup for you\" and just stared at me. Was I in a Seinfeld sketch? I waited for her to laugh or ask me what I'd ordered so they could rush it out to the table. Instead she said well that it was too late, the chef was tired because it was xmas eve and the soup had to be \"made to order\"--making it seem like I was being a burden to them by eating there. Keep in mind that they were fully open for business and had taken my reservation a couple days before. I looked around at the completely empty restaurant (it was only a little after 5pm) and said \"We are the only people here. I'd still like to have my soup if that's okay\". She looked offended, rolled her eyes and stalked back to the kitchen where I could plainly hear her tell the chef that \"this guy just yelled at me out there\". I was so shocked by her crazy attitude (even my relatively quiet elderly mother muttered that she \"was out of line\") and I was so pissed off that it completely dragged me out of my good mood for Xmas eve dinner with my mother. We finished our meals and didn't order dessert. One of the other servers looked at us apologetically as we left but no apology was made, no concession to the insulting service we received. Bummer, Taste of Thai. I hope you get better management / staff and maybe the food will get better along the way. But I won't come back to find out.", 1, 3], "t1DJtK4A9khpO0UaySKdWQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/23/2014", "Staff is excellent, particularly Eden and Ian. I've never had a bad dish. I recommend the Thai Spicy Noodles (not available at ToT Express), with a Thai Iced Tea to balance the spiciness.", 5, 6], "s49tQ_ogwBW1yOGM9nDhvQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/20/2014", "We had gone about two years ago and received HORRIBLE service. Got our tea timely but nearly an hour passed and we couldn't even get an update on the status of our food. We tried, and surrounding tables were definitely being serviced. Was it because we looked like cheap college students? That's no excuse.We actually had walked out that time, vowing never to come back.Earlier this year, a friend of mine urged to go as he'd never gone and we received similar service to my last experience - low and behold, it was the same server too. This time, it couldn't have been because we \"looked like\" college students. My friend was in a button down and tie, I was in my work clothes (Office, dressy casual type) and he had his infant and wife with him. We got our food, cold and after a 45-minute wait and nearly 30 minutes after we paid was our checks returned to us, and his infant bundled up in a winter jacket. The waitress had disappeared.Totally unacceptable, I'd never go back.", 1, 0], "nFSkO0geUekw4hc8OWc4YA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/15/2014", "overpriced andoverrated(\u00b4\uff65\uff65`) I would recommend thai basil rather than this place. I've been coming to this place for about a year and I have realized that most dishes have far more vegetables and sauces than necessary. The taste is generic and mediocre. The portion is also kind of small. Now switching to thai basil.", 2, 3], "7VA1ZdI7EIriJKacH0SC2w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/13/2014", "Somewhere, somebody at some point got the idea that there was some sort of \"famous\" Thai restaurant in Ithaca. This is resounding crap. That being said, Taste of Thai is pretty darn good.Taste of Thai is good. The red curry is good, as are their other numerous and excellent dishes. Of course, this is far from a surprise: this place is routinely packed with happy customers, and justifiably so.Still, don't buy into the obtuse hype about Taste of Thai being famous for one reason or another - I'm not sure where it came from, but it's somewhat manufactured. This place is a fine restaurant, but to my knowledge it's just that. Enjoy it for what it is, not the nebulous idea that it might be famous for some reason.", 4, 4], "ChR5fqidcVvvOySRYjbPuQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/9/2014", "Hands down the best Thai in Ithaca! I went to school here 8 years ago, came back to town, had the same meal and it tasted as if I never left. You cant go wrong with the Pad See Ew with chicken or the green curry. It has the perfect amount of seasoning and spice. For appetizer order the spring rolls it's light and flavorful. Make sure you try this place at least once if your ever in the commons.", 4, 1], "anXNa1_G-5n5whRsldRlfg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/2/2014", "Delicious, high quality food. Varied menu. Appetizer came out kind of slowly. Service in general was good but on the slow side because they were understaffed. Would definitely come back though.", 4, 0], "qPGMo4HUltg7RviR5dYqpw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/27/2014", "Was at upstate and tried to find something that's not so rich for easy dinner and wasn't sure how Asian food is like in the upstate. We bumped into this place which had a line so we figured, this place must be good..........WRONG.We all ordered stir-fried noodles as we didn't feel like eating a full meal. Restaurants usually have big stove and big wok so stir-fried noodle shouldn't take that long.......WRONG AGAIN. It seriously took a long time. A large group who sat across from us got their dishes already even though they ordered later than we did. Although we do suspect that the kitchen forgot our order but still.................When the food finally came, it wasn't amazing; in fact it wasn't even to scale. Let's start off by the fact that the portion is pretty small yet it wasn't cheap. All stir-fried ranges from 11-14. For that price you can actually have a pretty decent portion in the city (Am I wrong to assume food in upstate would be cheaper?!?!? Not to mention this is a college town - serving several students who are always looking to save). Then the food wasn't even properly cooked. They literally grabbed the wide-flat noodle from the fridge, didn't even bother to soaked them in hot water to soften the texture, then dumped them into the wok - that's why the noodle wasn't fully cooked but then burnt on the surface. It's annoying enough to wait for forever for the food but then to find out it's not even cooked properly....I also ordered the Tom Yum soup which was indicated on the menu that you can order this in 0 spiciness. The soup came; did it taste spicy? Yes it did. As for the service it was ok; some are friendlier than others, but I'm seriously wondering how the long line happened. Perhaps their entree dishes taste better but COME.ON.", 2, 3], "D-BF39hw0YwgryXVBuO_JQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/24/2014", "Had the red duck curry and it was great. Went with 3/5 for spice rating which was more than enough for this little Australian", 4, 2], "3IK1QXFhbQ3jrIA0nkGHuQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/12/2014", "By far my favorite restaurant in Ithaca, if not the world. The food is amazing. I haven't had a bad dish here and I have slowly made my way through the majority of the menu. The service is equally amazing; the staff are super friendly and know me by name. I honestly have not had a bad experience here. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week, usually more. We go through withdrawal when we are out of town or unable to go out to dinner here. There isn't an adequate way to sum up this restaurant in a Yelp review, so I really am not going to try. But I absolutely love it.", 5, 3], "WMTmbAwiQaCHUG2DWHNdwA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/1/2014", "Friendly staff, clean and delicious food. You must try their yellow curry and of course Thai iced tea.", 5, 0], "yKtWUC60mhR1kNSPcdDGaQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/23/2014", "I order delivery from them very fequently, at least twice a week. Although delivery sometimes get messed up, their pad thai, druken noodle, tom yum, panang curry are always good! I highly recommend this place.", 5, 0], "rXLGc19v-_nNBW2oVwT06A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/27/2014", "Forgettable, but the appetizers are on point. Service was not good, our waitress was rude and messed up our orders. She only stopped by our table to take our orders and then to deliver it. We had to flag her down for the check.", 2, 0], "ngqIeaF0rWS0Ap_VzcmwYw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/18/2014", "I love dining here. This is a perfect restaurant to take on a date! I always order the lettuce wraps because the meat inside is extremely delicious and savory, while being a lower calorie option. The pad Thai dish was also really great!", 5, 1], "Sr7QKPGrUmbf-eQwqVONrg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/2/2014", "I have been 4-5 times and on a Friday or Saturday night and it'd be best to get a reservation. There isn't a lot of standing room in the waiting area so you might have to stand outside in the cold. Everyone is trying to stay out of the doorway for people coming in and out is not a good setup. The restaurant is very small and crowded service is ok but not great but not terrible. They are really busy so that makes it hard.As for the food I feel the food compared to other Thai I have had is average standard Thai food but nothing great. The lettuce wraps were pretty good though. So all in all 3 out of 5. The bathrooms are DISGUSTING. Its like an outhouse its very small dark and dirty. That a huge minus for me wondering where they cook my food is anything like that scary...", 3, 0], "gBCKJxaKSAEP0WemtPYHLA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/31/2014", "My boyfriend and I hit this place on Saturday night. I was still recovering from a wild Friday night and was desperately in need of a good meal. Taste of Thai was perfect! Our host/waiter was helpful and good-humored, the atmosphere was relaxing, and we had to wait for maybe a minute for a table despite the fact that the restaurant was packed. Admittedly, neither of us are terribly well-versed in Thai food, but we were both very happy when we left. We shared a plate of spring rolls, and I got the Massaman curry with an iced Thai coffee while he had the cashew chicken. We had more than enough for leftovers, and I'm looking forward to heating it all up tonight for dinner.", 4, 0], "dj0jUXkbrYdNDX-QdaaqbA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/9/2014", "THEIR PAD SEE EW IS AMAZING. ITS JUST GREAT. My bf and I both ordered the pad see ew; I asked for mild with tofu and he had level 4 spice with chicken. We were both really impressed. He also really enjoyed the vegetable rolls. Of all the Thai places I have eaten (which is many), Taste of Thai is one of the best. I am sad to be leaving Ithaca partially because I won't be eating here anymore. Again FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ORDER THE PAD SEE EW (yes get the pad see ew with tofu, its great).", 5, 1], "HvtYZQkrHPU-GuJ3HtJKZg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/9/2014", "Standard Thai food. They make excellent curries especially the Panang curry. I'm not such a big fan of their Pad Thai though. You will have to wait a bit at dinner time because its located right in the centre of town", 3, 0], "ZVpX0R8EaDE0W4CVvlJpGg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/15/2014", "It's not great, but not horrible. I'd say it definitely middle of the road Thai food that won't knock your socks off, but will fix your cravings.", 3, 0], "GVptEb4E_cLUbMfINA8_wg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/10/2014", "Hands down the best pineapple fried rice I've ever eaten. Full of flavor slightly sweet goodness.", 5, 1], "QD2JbTzymjarrInIefxaAA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/30/2013", "Excellent pad thai. Definitely get the Thai iced tea. In the world of Thai food, this place is good for the price but quite not the top of the line with food quality. You won't go wrong with it though.", 4, 0], "wBiahRdcBfb2Bwv3VwP3aQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/30/2013", "The BEST Thai food I've had any place anywhere and I've been around. Totally fresh and delicious. A must have.", 5, 0], "6BocZmyAqzOPhfS-21Y0JQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/16/2013", "Aside from the fact that the seafood is horrible and the meat is usually overcooked, I recently experienced something quite unforgiveable. I ordered a duck curry to pick up from looking at their website, which said it cost $13.50. When I arrived (after driving for 15 minutes), they wanted $16.50 plus tax. I informed the person that the price online said $13.50, to which she grabbed someone else who told me 'The prices online say they're subject to change.' It turns out that it doesn't say that online, and even if so, would still be unforgiveable, especially to insinuate that it's my fault for not double checking. I left without purchasing. I did finally get an apology when I emailed them, but nothing for my time. I feel a free duck curry would've been the least to keep me as a customer, but they've lost me for the way they handled this situation.", 2, 0], "P9KDjXOLRfE1QSq1PWoL7A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/17/2013", "Best Thai food in Ithaca. The wait can be a little long sometimes, other than that the service is good.", 5, 0], "_r5_7l1ooGC3DjrlvzoT8g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/11/2013", "To be honest, I prefer Taste of Thai Express over this place.We came here early on a Friday night and it was already packed. It'd be best to get a reservation. I was seated within fifteen minutes though. There isn't a lot of standing room in the waiting area so you might have to stand outside in the cold.The staff is very attentive despite the number of customers. We never had to wait around to get anyone's attention and the food still comes out fast when the place is busy.We got the gaeng masaman, pad kratiam prik thai, and pad priew wan. We got a different meat for each so that we had variety. While we enjoyed the curry, the other two plates could have used some work. Nothing about either of those two was memorable at all, and portions were pretty small.Make sure you ask for a certain spiciness. When we ordered, they never asked us how spicy we wanted the curry and it didn't come out spicy at all, even though the menu would say there's a scale.Each of us had a Thai tea as well, and it came out to $16.50 per person. Not a bad price for Thai food (I've seen worse), but food quality could have been a bit better to meet that price.", 3, 1], "EwA4M8RQLJ6l6LmCej0EOw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/3/2013", "We've eaten here a few times during our visits to Cornell. The food is good, and the service is friendly. We've tried most of the menu and found everything to be enjoyable, but my personal favorite is the panang curry with beef or vegetables.", 3, 0], "XTWhGyb9pPLeoxxxFKLtJA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/6/2013", "A very famous Asian restaurant in Ithaca and really crowded on Friday night. I've been there a couple times and love all the curries. The appetizers, spring rolls, and soup are all pretty good. Simply a nice place to have a joyful dinner with friends. A bit noisy inside, which also makes the place feel more free and casual to chat with close friends.", 4, 0], "GhKclpsgCgZUVew90B8TVA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/5/2013", "Low quality! We ate here and the staff did not correctly disclose an important ingredient when asked specifically about it. When I got the food, I could not eat it due to the fish sauce -- it stunk of fish.  When I expressed concern, the staff was not helpful at all -- no replacement, no refund. I will never spend money at this place again.", 1, 1], "COrq4Qxb3saoTjSGCcq7VA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/4/2013", "Oh, Taste of Thai, you wonderful place, you. This is my favorite Thai place that I've been to. Pad See Ew is cooked wonderfully and quick service. Not to mention it's right on the Commons. I've come here multiple times with friends and we have always been pleased. They are also good at accommodating large groups.", 4, 0], "41GVY6VZ9JdEWNVUlCsGbw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/27/2013", "Pro: The food is actually pretty good. Some stuff is phenomenal (4.5 star), other dishes are actually closer to 1 star, but on average I'd put this at 3. Con: Everything else. The bathrooms are DISGUSTING. One of the stalls in the men's bathroom doesn't lock. The other doesn't flush. That's not a good combination. The service is mixed - some good, some bad. The worst part was just the general inability of the owners/employees to control their restaurant. During my lunch this past weekend, there was a crazy woman (but a regular customer, apparently) SHOUTING and YELLING for almost a full 45 minutes at the management. She was self-proclaimed \"local activist with no power\", a white woman with long white hair, trying to defend the poor defenseless thai restaurant from the bar next door which played their music a bit too loud. (The music was bothering no one except this woman, and wasn't really loud). Instead of speaking with the place next door, this crazy woman was literally yelling and screaming for my entire lunch at the tase of thai employees and management, and the management did nothing about it. They didn't ask her to leave, they didn't move her to another area of the restaurant, they didn't speak with her outside. It was absolute madness - I've never seen anything like it.For that alone, I would not be back.", 1, 4], "HcGAac2Dg3jijaVbnCEq5w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/24/2013", "Get the choo-chee ... Four-star spicy is the perfect amount for spice. Crispy!", 4, 3], "oS1dtIoWfXNF7J-uPhHfZA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/20/2013", "Meh. Ithaca seems to have quite a few Thai places and out of the ones that I've tried, I would not recommend this one. I came for my birthday one year and remember a disappointing meal. The service was slow, though I will note that it was a busy night. I ordered Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) and it wasn't spicy at all, even though I asked for 5. If it isn't spicy, it just tastes like Americanized Chinese ho fun with basil. The portions were also small for the prices.", 2, 8], "VJuxFYtmFkutPXozQt9_eA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/2/2013", "Really good Thai place. I started with a cup of Tom Yum soup, which was exactly what I was expecting, tasty and spicy. My friend and I shared our main dishes, and we still couldn't finish, not for lack of trying. All said, a good Thai restaurant, I'd visit again.", 4, 0], "HxU1Ox-1QcwgiwBI_n1Chg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/16/2013", "This Thai restaurant definitely knows how to up the spiciness -- at least, for me. I LOVE that the spiciness levels (1-5) are actually pretty accurate with regards to the actual spiciness. I got the yellow curry here. It was really tasty, and the portion size was bigger than I expected -- you definitely get your money's worth here :)My only warning about here is that the lunch special does not apply on the weekends. i wish they were more blatant about that on their website/yelp/etc.", 4, 0], "N8P4h_mu4bNDgRlbBKzyXA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/5/2013", "Went for lunch and got the Spicy Thai Basil Noodles. They were pretty amazing but it is just as amazing as a few other Thai place's I've been too. That's not to say though that it was bad but definitely not 5 stars as it wasn't the best I've ever had. I would definitely go back though, the service was good, it was nice and cool on a hot day and the food was great. Very well priced too! For the price it was definitely the best! I will definitely go back here in the future for lunch.", 4, 0], "mjwoifkOD4j3NVPyw4qZvA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/2/2013", "Went here for a weekday lunch. I liked the decor and the menu choices. The portion size was good too. Service was good.My noodle dish was a bit heavy in a bland sauce, and my companions thought their dishes were more show than flavor.Still, next time I'm at Cornell I would not mind coming back.", 3, 1], "TxoAOXE0Wr_U7qIbN0I3Ew": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/26/2013", "Ithaca does Thai food fairly well, so unlike for other cuisines, I hand out no \"Ithaca sympathy stars\" in this category. I think this place is marginally better than Taste of Thai Express, but also slightly more expensive. This is my go to place when I want Laab, a spicy ground meet salad with lime juice, fish sauce and chilies. The curries and noodle dishes are business as usual, good but not fantastic.The spiciness scale (1-5), is really inconsistent here. In general though, I think 1-3 means almost no spice at all (warning: I have heard some people who don't like spice complain about a 3 being too hot but I honestly can't tell the difference most of the time between a 1 and a 3 here). The difference between a 3 (still almost no spice) and a 4 (medium hot) is pretty drastic. A 5, my preferred choice, is reasonably spicy but not insane. If you are a pepper head I really recommend asking the server if you could do a 6 or 7 (say you've eaten here before and that a 5 is not spicy enough).", 3, 0], "lFRsb-m965kXiBTeyKHCYA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/12/2013", "Good food, but the service can be a little weird. Our server was so super awkward it made us uncomfortable.", 3, 0], "FgU-oX15K6C9lnVUyLUgFw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/8/2013", "Serves decent Thai food at an affordable price, with friendly staff.The portions may be small for some, so I recommend ordering appetizers (such as lettuce wraps) before you dig in to your entrees.", 4, 0], "CRX0JeXFfuCWFv8O3u9Bqg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/14/2013", "Duck curry is my fav dish on this menu. Fast seating, relatively quick service, good refills with water but the quality that gives this place a 4 star is the authenticity and greatness of the duck curry. The reason its not a 5 is because they are stingy with the duck and charge for extra rice, lame.", 4, 3], "LkgbD3DR3flVr0EJJhXXlw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/10/2013", "I loved the whole experience! Its value for money ! The red panang curry is a must try!", 4, 0], "KKrlHKqMx1eAensKTdJmKQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/25/2013", "By far the best Thai Restaurant I have been to in Ithaca thus far. Had the Pad Thai for lunch today. It comes with a small bowl of vegetable soup which was quite cute. The pad thai was very fresh and delicious. I love how the bean sprouts are extremely fresh and the pad thai was not greasy at all. I hate how when I order pad thai at other restaurants sometimes and it's so greasy that I can't eat more than a few bites. But NOT THE CASE HERE! Happily finished my meal. Also, the soy sauce is not very heavy and salty, which is a plus. All in all the meal was great and refreshing with just the right amount. Will definitely go again!", 4, 0], "1d-HqSZgPslcra8BsjEZ6Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/8/2013", "Best restaurant in Ithaca Commons if not in Ithaca itself and the Best Thai in upstate New York. Delicious food. This isn't cheap take out Thai, this is quality, flavorful authentic Thai cuisine. Highly recommend to anyone who wants real asian food and not the cheap American-Chinese take out.", 4, 1], "kCdH4GchZlJ55_p7wgMQyA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/26/2012", "Delicious authentic Thai food, beautifully served. We enjoyed Spring Rolls, Chive Dumplings, Phad Thai, Choo Chi Salmon, and Duck with Pumpkin. The sauces had just a bit of heat (as requested), and a lot of flavor. The prices were very reasonable.  The restaurant doesn't serve alcohol, but we were invited to bring our own. Enjoy!", 5, 0], "QODkJBNdi6IPxFNoRRA2CA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/28/2012", "Absolutely delicious thai food. I ordered green curry with chicken last week, and it was probably the best thai curry I've ever had. The ambience is lacking; it's not very aesthetically pleasing and appears a little grungy/old (which is the only reason I've given this a 4 and not a 5), but don't let the appearance fool you! The food far and away makes the mediocre atmosphere worth it. Besides, you're going for thai food for the FOOD, not the atmosphere, right?Servers were nice, brought water and rice promptly for us spice-wimps. Very reasonably priced. Just a straightforward win when you're looking for purely tasty, satisfying thai food. Can't wait to go back and try something else.", 4, 0], "JR3Fd1El_j1PWGAys_n8ig": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/21/2012", "Came here with a group of bros for an almost-end-of-semester celebratory dinner recently. We all had a different kind of curry. I had the Panang curry with beef and it was pretty good, a little too sweet though. I loved that the coconut flavor is still there. It is one of my pet peeves when I order coconut curry and I don't taste the goddamned cocos! I think they messed up my order because I had a spicier curry than my friend and I ordered no spice whereas he ordered the highest spice level. Overall the food was very savory and pretty satisfying. Price was not great but I can deal. Probably will not come here again unless I have an insane curry craving.", 3, 0], "fLGgafB5Scx-MjkJqhFbRg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/11/2012", "This was the first time I've had to walk out of a restaurant. They were busy, as was to be expected for a Saturday night, but the service was so terrible that we decided to leave.The waitress took our order and brought us our tea. And then we waited for an hour with no update about our food. We tried to catch our waitress's eye to ask for an update - but she seemed too busy with the other tables. She stopped by thrice at a neighboring table, and asked the table behind us if they were doing ok. Considering that we were being blatantly ignored, we decided that we were probably weren't going to get our food at all that evening.We went to Taste of Thai Express instead. Even with a 10 min wait, we got our three course meal, ate it, paid for it and left within an hour. Exceptional service and great food.", 1, 3], "WzGmJz_hPCLjgIKMwfW5uA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/9/2012", "Only Thai place I've been to in Ithaca and its nice that its in the commons. Everything I had is great and I would recommend this to anyone looking for some spicy Thai food!", 3, 1], "YNCFnxbidmQuUEie_IYEUw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/8/2012", "I went recently and got the spicy rad nah. While it was decently spicy, it wasn't very complex and the presentation wasn't great either. The portion size was also slightly smaller than I expected. But I'm also used to the food from Taste of Thai Express, which is run by different people, and in my opinion is better.I will say that Taste of Thai has an excellent location and if you're looking for convenience more than anything else, it can't be beat. But if quality is a factor, there are better options.", 3, 1], "1S-pJ81mkhpFQu2RDsXfkw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/4/2012", "I really like their food. We've only done take out, and the food can take a while on a Sunday for instance, but the flavors are really good. The ginger basil dish with pork was great, and you cannot go wrong with the tom yum soup. All the curries we tried hit the spot.***last time we ordered take out they didn't include a side of rice with the curry, so be sure to ask for rice!!***", 4, 0], "Y0K-I0EHJHTjVkssMGWhVA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/18/2012", "A standard Thai restaurant with pretty good food. The prices aren't too outrageous either. The reason it doesn't get a higher rating is because they are inconsistent with how spicy they make dishes.", 3, 0], "RPwUmNVpFbkKYHkyTfjpEA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/15/2012", "This restaurant might be the best Thai restaurant in Ithaca, NY. But, I am sure I can say that it is not a good Thai restaurant in comparison with average Thai restaurants in big cities. Actually, it is much below average. I am an Asian and I tried many different Thai restaurants in many different cities and continents, so I can tell what are good Thai food.(+)Service was a little better than average. People are nice and kind. The 2 stars are for it.(below average)Taste of food: everything below average. (Not non-edible, though. So 2 stars) I tried some appetizers, all the toms, many different noodles, including pad thai. None of them were either authentic enough or nice kick of fusion. Simply put, nothing yummy. Too thin, too light or too thick, too strong. Not a good combination of spices, sauces, and seasonings.Environment and deco: cheesy and nothing special. kinda old.(-)There were some tables and seats not occupied but there were always some people waiting. I noticed that there were not enough servers in the dining hall.As a conclusion, it would be OK to go there if you are around Ithaca, NY and desperate to eat something Thai. However, if you really want to try some decent Thai food, I would sincerely suggest to avoid this restaurant and try to go any average Thai restaurant in big cities.This restaurant is over-rated because of the location. (not enough competition)", 2, 0], "7gAScVzojwgfq0eywcaV1w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/14/2012", "There's nothing quite like sitting down and having a family-style thai dinner with share plates and a big pot of rice. A bunch of friends and I ordered gaeng masaman, thai spicy noodles, pad thai, spicy eggplant, and a shrimp dish. All of them were incredible, but the curry stood out as our favorite. It was just such a perfect blend of sweet and savory and pure deliciousness. I still have dreams about that curry.We had five people in our group, including a dude friend with a massive appetite. Five dishes were absolutely fitting and although we scraped every single main plate clean, we left feeling nicely full but not overstuffed. The only issue I have with this place is the service. Our waitress was nowhere to be seen after taking our order without a pen/paper, showing up only as we were walking out the door. We had several different staff members deliver our food, drop off the check, and brusquely bus our table. We literally sat there awkwardly staring at each other as a random server loudly (and rudely) stacked our tableware into a rickety tower and whisked away to the kitchen without acknowledgement towards us. Talk about lack of customer service.Nevertheless, the food was amazing and you can't overlook that simple fact. Taste of Thai not only reignited my passion for thai food, but also patched up my bad experiences with previous places as well.", 4, 0], "C9GMuwOONAoeuZZABktxPA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/25/2012", "Love this place!My friends all started with the Thai iced tea (I skipped it because I dislike condensed milk) but all of my friends loved it. Almost every table had ordered Thai iced tea so I felt like the odd one out but it also meant that they have good thai iced tea.I had the special home cooked chicken for my main course. I had no idea what home cooked chicken meant bit it sounded interesting.Turns out it was chicken cooked in a light curry sauce that wasn't too coconut-milky (I dislike coconut milk as well, on top of condensed milk.) It was cooked with cashews and some bell peppers. Despite my dislike for those particular types of milks, I enjoyed the homecooked chicken. You can choose how spicy you want your food to be on a level of 0-5, so I asked for a level of negative 1 haha. It was definitely not spicy.Lastly, our waiter was very friendly. He is currently a student at community college and always come to our table to talk to us, and was able to make good recommendations.", 4, 0], "M1CdwRCzRgOy78soNOaeTA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/27/2012", "Good food, with a nice combination of tradition with some options for adventure. A wide range of good eats. Tolerant of a family with small children wanting to share dishes. A good economical find.", 4, 0], "hzKwoO30xUoRI2F4-trUqQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/22/2012", "Get the Nam Kao Tod crispy rice salad. Awesome.", 5, 0], "ne_HkxXT73FK-Lpt6TKSGA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/15/2012", "Give me a drink, give me food (or kill me). I can't believe I fell for this place. I quickly became agitate, bored, and confused, we order our appetizers spring rolls and Taste Of Thai Lettuce Wraps and main courses, no food, after 35 minutes, the wait staff giving me \"have a nice day\" became tired of all that touchy-feely Thai sweetness and light CRAP after 45 minutes later and no food I got that irresistible urges to pound some skewered into the table I was tired of the namby-pamby, gibbering wait staff . I thought i would try get some attention so I tried the old line \" Actually I'm a Republican\" that worked our food came to the table. All of the food came at once appetizer main courses and it was wrong aah... We asked for no tofu in pad Thai instead no chicken and extra tofu we ask for beef Rad Nah and we got chicken. How does this place stay open.I will be waiting happily at the Commons for the fall harvest", 1, 2], "ziQyJMAT6bvOTMWIDQtsaw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/15/2012", "We had a mixed experience here last week. The good: our entrees were very tasty. My wife had the yellow curry and it was very well done. The bad: the server was smirky and appeared to think very highly of himself. The restaurant was quite loud, and the fried tofu appetizer was very bland.", 3, 1], "ICiNmn6gs5V446_nj6RjOg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/1/2012", "The food at Taste of Thai is rather good--I've had some excellent Rama Noodles, sweet and sour Priew Wan, lime soda, and Thai iced tea, and I've never heard a complaint about the food from anyone I've taken there to dine with me. It gets a little crowded because it's a restaurant on the commons, but the food is delicious.However, when I was a college student, I felt as if some of the wait staff looked down on me or didn't expect me to tip based on my age. Because of that, our table was ignored, we didn't get any refills on our drinks, and rather than asking us if we wanted dessert, we were simply handed the check without a thank you or a goodbye. We actually had planned on ordering dessert (which would have added to our waitress's tip on an already very expensive bill), but we just paid and left, disappointed and reluctant to go back.I've still been back to Taste of Thai since then (with varying levels of service, ranging from passable to pretty good), but my new preferred Thai restaurant in Ithaca is Thai Cuisine on South Meadow. The service is more consistent and the food is, in my opinion, significantly better.", 3, 0], "qnzki50O4rGxqDiH7uDGHA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/22/2012", "As a student, I rarely came here because the restaurant is town in the commons, but when I came back to town I found that Taste of Thai has the best Pad See Ew that I've had anywhere. The sauce was amazing. They also had a cozy atmosphere and lots of choices for food. My friends enjoyed tall glasses of thai iced tea and we were all too full to try to desserts. I would highly recommend this restaurant!", 5, 1], "-OzYA0Q7jH7EW_g6Z0YFMQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/19/2012", "So I've been on a quest for the best cashew chicken... I've had a LOT of cashew chicken (you can't go wrong!) and this is the best I've ever had. Nice and spicy, too. Sadly, I've only been to Taste of Thai once because I transferred schools and am no longer in Ithaca. So I can't speak to anything else about the restaurant, except the facility was decent and the atmosphere was fun because everyone was enjoying their food and company. When I get back to Ithaca, I'm going to Taste of Thai.", 5, 0], "tXGpBbNYAL3burtgn-qHdQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/9/2012", "OK, I must admit that I do rag on Ithaca's food scene quite a bit. The isolated nature of the town makes the food very hit or miss.Recently, we had a very nice meal at Taste of Thai in the commons. We wanted to order the exact same dishes that we had at Thai cuisine and compare the two. Here we go:Appetizers: Thai Cuisine: Chicken Satay- The satay was overcooked and somehow cold (not lukewarm, cold... as if it had been in a fridge. Nasty. Also, portions were small.Tom yum soup- VERY salty and somehow a little bland. Not spicy at all! Very disappointing.Taste of Thai:Chicken Satay- Huge, warm, moist chicken on skewers. Served with a peanut sauce (out of a bottle). Very good.Tom yum soup- You can alter the spice level from 0 (wuss) to 5 (tough guy). I went with 5 and the soup knocked my socks off. Very spicy but still tasty at the same time. Very good.Entree:Thai Cuisine:Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao)- Ordered it \"as spicy as you can make it\". Was not spicy at all. The noodles were undersauced. Very bland. More like Chinese Chow fun than drunken noodles.Panang Curry- Strange vegetables for a panang. Also, sauce was very bland (although, admittedly my date ordered it mild, so....). Not bad, but not great.Taste of Thai:Drunken Noodles- Ordered it 5/5 on the spicy scale. It packed some heat! Not too much, but you could taste it. Also, the noodles were properly sauced and cooked. Very good.Panang Curry- Your standard panang. Again, my GF ordered it mild. This time the panang was not flavorless, however. Pretty solid.Overall, Taste of Thai was superior in every way. The only drawback that I can see is that it can be noisy. Also, the space inside is a little cramped and you can feel a little rushed (depending on how busy they are).Best Thai food we've had in Ithaca.", 4, 1], "quhfSQU3Rd0EBDqC1diosA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/30/2012", "Awesome for a date night. Not the best Thai food in Ithaca, but still very good. I took my girlfriend out for her first experience with Thai food, and she was extremely pleased. We had most of the typical Thai dishes (Tom Yum, Tom Kha Gai, Pad Thai, etc...) and were pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately the spiciness level used is very weak, with the hottest being hot but not to my taste. As far as Thai food in the US is concerned, you can't do much better than this short of the DC metro area/ NYC. And as far as the location is concerned, smack dab in the middle of the commons, and with a very quaint oriental theme on the inside, Taste of Thai served a really enjoyable night.", 3, 0], "HWUMIx-SYIghzw192gwIHw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/19/2012", "Possibly the best Thai food I have eaten. The serving and service is good. Suggest eating noodles with prawns.", 5, 0], "Qy1qzpoUpoeSzTH5GxOpCw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/29/2012", "We've been here for dinner a couple of times, but we more often do carry-out when it's been a long day and we just don't feel like cooking (very convenient, since we live within walking distance of the Commons). It has been a consistently solid experience. My go-to favorite dish is the pineapple curry, but the Pad Kra Pao (spicy basil) is also quite good. My only regret is that despite always asking for the highest spice level, it is never very spicy at all.", 4, 1], "54cLr0GL7jXHy5FC-Y79dg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/31/2012", "I had a dinner party there a few weeks ago and it went so well that it inspired me to write this review. I'm no This food connoisseur but all the times I've been there, the food is great. My one gripe is that the spiciness level is inconsistent, which is easily remedied by asking for the spice rack. Service is great and they were not annoyed at all when my party of 15 grew to a party of 21! Furthermore, when we paid the bill (with gratuity included) and we overpaid, they tried to return us the money! I would highly recommend this place.", 5, 0], "zUmPAdVdbRX-EUB1wWmbQw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/16/2012", "Previously the #1 place to bring a visiting professor but lately the food quality has declined. Still though worth a stop on the Ithaca Thai food tour. I have fond memories of \"mom's cashew chicken\" (kinda a Thai version of General Tso's chicken which also means you'll either love it or hate it). Other than that the food is mostly the standard Thai repertoire. The thai iced tea is good, but Tamarind has better (even though I think they have the same owners).", 3, 1], "gG90dqku39fimh_VjqsGxw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/11/2011", "This is not the best Thai food in Ithaca. My friends and I love Thai food, and usually go to Ithaca's other Thai places, but gave Taste of Thai a try because we were downtown, and it was close. We started with a pot of their Tom Yum soup, level 4 spiciness. The soup lacked complexity and depth of flavor - it tasted of broth with chili flakes, and was not as spicy as we had requested. The other dishes we ordered were equally uninspiring. The tofu in my Pad Ped was overcooked and tough, and somehow the eggplant was undercooked. My husband's dish was underspiced - he ordered heat level 4, and could hardly taste the spice. My other friend's green bean dish was the only one that seemed to be satisfactory.The service was awkward - they had placed little appetizer plates on each setting, underneath the napkins, and after we had all settled in and ordered, the server asked us to pass her the little plates. This resulted in awkward maneuvering of the napkins (we hadn't undone them yet) to get to the plates, and then pass them forward.Consensus - we're going to avoid Taste of Thai, and stick to the places where we know the food is well-prepared, tastes good, and where the service is a little more polished.", 2, 2], "cK3TDlfbk_v1O9fhwhsB8A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/30/2011", "Yay for Thai food. I was glad to stumble on such a tasty restaurant while vacationing in Ithaca. Having traveled all the way from Florida via car eating something that wasn't fast food was a priority. This restaurant was recommended by friends, that are locals, I was staying with. It lived up to all the hype. Food is authentic Thai with reasonable prices and good portion sizes. I got the green curry and it was more than enough for two whole meals for myself. The chicken satay was tender and moist with lots of the peanut sauce. The service was okay but they were very busy so I'm sure this played a role.", 4, 0], "t9NrCRgWxOtAnHV7ZefDaA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/23/2011", "If I can give this place a negative one star I would - I think this is my first one star rating on yelp and I dare to say I don't feel bad about it. We got seated towards the back of the restaurant where you have a partial view of the kitchen and I instantly got this feeling that the restaurant's cleanliness is questionable. However, we hadn't eaten all day and this was one of the few restaurants that was open at 4pm on a saturday in Ithaca Commons. Anyhow, we ordered the chicken wings with chili thai sauce, pad thai, rah nah, and a curry dish. When the chicken wings arrived, we were famished and we started chowing down on it unless my sister got halfway through and noticed it was uncooked...ewwww. The waiter did a good job of appeasing us by taking the food away and having them recook it. The second round of wings were ok but needless to say that kinda ruined our experience. My pad thai was also really dry and boring but at that point, we just wanted to fill our stomach, eat as fast as we can and get out of there. I would say do not go to this place unless u can absolutely not find any other place to eat at!", 1, 3], "H2etEIKYN1MP49QagSyDLA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/19/2011", "I've eaten at Taste of Thai several times now (call me hopeful). The reason I've given it so many chances is that people have told me that it's an amazing place; unfortunately I could not find this amazing place. I only found a place which stole my money and in return gave me mediocre \"Thai\" food and mild indigestion. I would ask for the $30 that I've spent at TOT back, but chances are with the service there I will have died before receiving it. This place is nothing special, it's the Thai equivalent of Applebee's, lots of flash very little content. You can do much better in Ithaca and I would suggest you do.", 1, 4], "BMSC3urZm8Q_76Kge-jzHg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "10/10/2011", "I love Taste of Thai! It is my go to restaurant for birthday dinners and any time I just wanna get away from campus. I love their curries and thai iced coffees! The pineapple curry is delicious, especially if you like spicy food!", 5, 0], "evZqJYickyIH5_C4j4ntnw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/5/2011", "So average. Super bland, barely any spice for anything even resembling Thai food and not even close to most restaurants in NYC. If you know what good Thai food tastes like, you probably won't find what you're looking for here.", 2, 0], "UeCWOTQXRMd7LJq0eeohXg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/11/2011", "Spectacular Thai food that lives up to the best Thai restaurants in NYC!I admit it - living in NYC has spoiled me rotten when it comes to ethnic food. I love Thai food, but have become quite choosy about what I consider good, authentic Thai because let's face it, there are at least a thousand Thai restaurants in NYC. Taste Of Thai did more than just live up to my favorite Thai restaurants in NYC; it really wowed me!My boyfriend and I had dinner here one night this past July when we were up in Ithaca for a week long vacation in the Finger Lakes region. He had eaten here the last time he had come up to Ithaca and he raved about it, so I wanted to give this place a try.We started off with the Goong Sarong (prawns dressed in egg noodles golden fried served with a sweet chili dipping sauce) for an appetizer. Definitely one of THE best and unique Thai dishes I've ever eaten! For dinner, I had the Gaeng Kiew Pad Hang (dried emerald curry) with chicken, which was amazing. It was flavorful and had a nice bite to it. My boyfriend had the Thai Spicy Noodles, which he loved as well.The serivce was really good here as well. Our server was pleasant and very attentive. This was the cheapest meal we had all week while we were staying up here and overall, one of the best for the money. I know I'll be coming back here the next time I am up in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "EzsIRVGy1_oRRTHY5MlcdQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "6/24/2011", "My boyfriend and I decided to try taking some food to go from here earlier in the week. It was my first time ever going to Taste of Thai. I checked the website and saw that they did do to go orders, so I figured it wouldn't be a problem if we just went in and ordered something to pick up after walking the Commons for a bit. Boy, was I wrong! We should have called ahead, because when we got there, no one seemed to know what to do with us. I asked the waitress that came to seat us if we could order a to go order and she looked around and mumbled something about being right back before walking away. We were then ignored by every server in the restaurant, even though many were walking by or around us, or were standing at the bar about 5 feet from us. As we stood there, I noticed one server working his butt off, moving around to serve his tables as quickly as possible while keeping a smile on his face, even as one group called after him rudely twice (DO NOT call out or snap your fingers at a server please - it's just plan rude - they have other guests to tend to as well!!!!!). We decided it wasn't worth it to wait since no one had acknowledged us, and I was feeling very disappointed since I had assumed it wouldn't be a problem to walk in off the Commons to order food to go (I can't imagine were the only people that walk the Commons and then want to take food home with us). As we walked out, the one server who was working his butt off was headed out as well to deliver some food to guests. He realized we were leaving and told us as soon as he dropped off the food, he could take our order, but understood if we didn't want to wait any longer. Because he was so nice and not pushy about it, we decided to wait for him. He came right back into us and took our order. After placing our order with him, we left to wander on the Commons. We came back only about 20 minutes later, and I wasn't expecting the food to be ready yet. Our server came back to us and informed us the food was indeed ready! He quickly finished up our transaction and sent us on our way. When we got home with our food, we were glad to find out from our receipt that our server's name was Jerome! He did such a fantastic job, and without him, Taste of Thai would have lost our business - we probably would have just gone back to Sticky Rice.The food was fantastic! I had Thai Rice with Chicken, it was very tasty...and I even ate my entire portion at once, which is a rarity for me! That mean's it was just the right size and DELICIOUS!!! I will definitely be going back to Taste of Thai, thanks to Jerome!Erin says...you suck for not having a better system to take walk-in, to-go orders, you rock for the food and JEROME!", 4, 1], "lpQVlatB88SWoOq6X5avIQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "5/6/2011", "I've gotten Taste of Thai Express takeout many times but never went to Taste of Thai, so I decided to go with my mother and boyfriend when my mother was visiting me a few weeks ago.First off, decor is lovely inside and servers were nice. We ordered 2 appetizers, the spring rolls (fried) and chicken satay. The spring rolls were alright, nothing special, and the chicken satay was a bit dry and also ordinary. More puzzling was the fact that the satay was served with toasted white bread cut into triangles. Kind of a cop out as a garnish or complement to the dish.For entrees, I had the pineapple curry (w/ veg) which was once again, nothing special. My mother had the emerald green curry (w/beef) which was far too salty. My boyfriend had one of the fried noodle dishes and boy were those rice noodles over cooked. Limp, mushy, and greasy. Luckily, this time there were more vegetables + meat than noodles. We each requested our dish to be a Level 3 spicy. Now, typically at Taste of Thai Express, a Level 3 spicy is very, very hot. It is Thai level spicy, not American level spicy. At Taste of Thai however, Level 3 barely registered to us, and we all LOVE spicy food.Our original waitress also never returned to ask us how our food was, so we had to flag down a different waitress and ask her for extra hot condiments.Overall, the experience was unremarkable and I highly doubt I will ever return. There are far superior Thai restaurants in the area. At least they gave us 50% off the Emerald Green Curry, after complaining that it was too salty.", 2, 0], "EeMNapJtWqhonFfP10AAKw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/25/2011", "There are a number of Thai restaurants in Ithaca and the surrounding area, and this is definitely one of them. Out of habit, more than anything, we've come here once a year for the past few years.)House salad with warm peanut dressing was ho-hum, and the vegetarian pad thai was bland. (My dining partner reports that the shrimp in the shrimp pad thai were tasteless.)Our primary server was friendly and helpful, but I believe our secondary server may have been in a trance.This place is always busy and it has a nice decor, but the food is usually a bit of a letdown.Remind us to try someplace different next year.", 2, 4], "pPtqdihkgxoOaZM-fK31UA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "2/23/2011", "I came here with a large party to celebrate my friend's birthday. The service was very friendly and accommodating. I was underwhelmed with the appetizers, given the praise I've heard about the restaurant. They tasted like the frozen-esque appetizer's I've had in Asian restaurants around the US (and when I say Asian, I'm completely aware of the distinctions between cuisines - it is just that many of the appetizers (Spring Rolls, Fried Tofu, etc, are all strangely similar). However, when the main course came, the restaurant shined. I had the Panang curry, which was just fantastic. It has a rich coconut base, with enough spices as well as fresh basil to make a wonderful combination. That, combined with the fried banana (as well as cake) at the end, made up for the underwhelming beginning.I would come back, starting instead with a salad, to try those out.(also note, the spice scale is very true, not watered down for Americans. A level 3 is the ideal amount without overwhelming the complexities of the dish).", 4, 0], "gwPZf_1zOO92ohKhPGckbg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/25/2010", "I had the Taste of Thai Chicken. It was quite good. I can't recall what everyone else in my party had but it ranged from Thai Salad to some curry dish. It was very tasty and relatively inexpensive.", 3, 0], "YUy9LOIdDbQR5GcFmeyhbg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "12/23/2010", "AWFUL. Try Taste of Thai Express or Tamarind instead. Or Sticky Rice.I got a mild upset stomach every time I ate here, so I'm guessing the food is not fresh. The duck curry is fine, as are the fried rice and pad thai dishes (but it's hard to mess up fried rice or pad thai). The other main dishes are gross.Flavorwise, they overdo it. Especially since Asian food already uses a lot of oil and salt--but also with the flavors generally--Taste of Thai's food is overwhelming in a bad way. The food doesn't taste good for Thai food in the States.Service is hit or miss. I once had an obnoxious server who didn't know the difference between the various red curries try to correct me. Rude.Atmosphere is good, nice ambiance.I have been many times--when I first moved to Ithaca, I thought it was the only Thai restaurant lol--but I will never go back.", 1, 3], "-wvl4iPFbpPmPacBdZLgZQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "11/7/2010", "In a place full of Thai restaurants, it's hard to differentiate yourself as a Thai restaurant in Ithaca. I went with my friends on a Sunday night and the service was great. We were a huge group of loud, boisterous college kids and they were so nice to us. The food selection is really solid, all the types of Thai food you would expect. I was a little disappointed my thing wasn't spicier (I love spicy food), but it was still good. All the noodle dishes seem solid, pineapple fried rice, and I got garlic and pepper pork. It was pretty decent, a little on the salty side. The fried banana was amazing, straight out of the oven so I almost burned the roof of my mouth. Great atmosphere for casual/business casual dining and decent Thai food. The prices aren't too bad either.", 4, 4], "cCwrnX-63F7x7KN5DmGTzw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "9/10/2010", "Their food was quite good, but be warned- they are liberal with the spicing! We both ordered a medium spiciness level (figuring it's upstate NY and they'll probably underspice- I know, we are so biased...) and it was pretty hot. I've heard similar stories from other people who have eaten there.So be warned- good food, but you might want to err on the side of caution.", 4, 0], "KDrDvCeRhcsk7WMyNHFVdw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "8/30/2010", "Yum!I love this place. The pineapple fried rice is really good here; they put in more than just the typical veggies, pineapple, and cashews. They also add in raisins and chinese sausage. So yummy.The restaurant itself is cute, decorations are nice and the dishes they serve you on are usually jade-colored and I guess v. typically (or stereotypically) \"Thai-looking\" or whatever. Mood lighting and tablecloths and cloth napkins make this a date place.Portions are sort of smaller so it's not that easy to share dishes with a big group (unless you order multiple of certain dishes) but everything is really delicious. The pad thai here is really good too. It's not too sweet and not too savory, perfect balance.Highly recommend you visit this place if you're in the commons!", 4, 0], "BwJntds71tsw_wxzdpiCnQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "7/12/2010", "This place blows mad chunks. Their curries are clearly made from a can. I only came here because Sticky Rice Carry Out is closed on Mondays.Home-made Soup (Our house specialty; a combination of prawns, squid, Napa cabbage, baby corn, shiitake mushrooms and scallions in a rich broth), cup: $3.95-If this soup is their \"house specialty,\" then their other soups must taste like raw sewage. This soup was just hot salty water and some veggies thrown in. There was barely any seafood in here, it was mostly cabbage and corn. AVOID.Panang Curry with tofu (Choice of meat, bell peppers, kaffir lime leaves, and Thai basil prepared with panang curry paste and coconut cream), $11.50-WAY TOO SALTY. This curry was clearly made from a can (they say 'panang curry PASTE' in the description), probably the Maesri Panang Curry paste can (priced at $1.35 on Amazon). Portions were tiny. The cup of rice served with this curry was also tiny. If you wanted another cup of rice, you had to pay $1.00 more. What kind of bullshit is that? I've made better curry myself with the Maesri pastes and the whole meal only cost a couple dollars while also yielding leftovers for a whole week. As a Thai restaurant, they could do WAY better. Service was ok, decor was nice, FOOD SUCKED. Never coming back. Sticky Rice Carry Out is the best.", 1, 4], "1hklTTeB0kktKKRqdP759w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "4/15/2010", "The Pad See Eew and Green Curry (spicy level #2) were all delicious, but my favorite was the Kai-Kua. The booth seats were arranged back to back and the lady sitting behind me asked if I could sit still. My apologies.", 4, 0], "Z2_eJ3xW5li4N7D4QvHzEQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/20/2010", "I went here summer of 2008 and haven't been back since. We went for lunch and the service was terrible, I had to flag down service at every point: getting water, ordering, asking for a piece of our order we didn't get, getting our check and paying. The last part, we had been waiting for them to take my money for 10 minutes and my 8 month old was 5 minutes into a meltdown and I still had to literally get up, go to the cash register, pull a server aside and say \"excuse me, I'd like to pay now.\" I'm willing to overlook such horrible service if the food is good, but the food we ordered was far from it. I love peanut sauce, but theirs was not good. The noodles it was served on were a gross texture and tasted like fish. My friend's vegetable stir fry stuff was bland. I've heard people say this is their favorite Thai in Ithaca, but I have no idea why.", 2, 0], "vagMhggIXSpiL9MT4aVgkQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/10/2010", "This restaurant is almost completely empty at the start of the lunch hour, and then packed by the end - though the wait is never longer than a few minutes. The food is tasty and quick, and the service is just right - they're attentive without being annoying.I've had the pad thai, and another dish involving those giant thick noodles. The giant thick noodles were perfectly cooked and the spice was just right. It's definitely the kind of place where you can go to lunch and not wind up in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon - portions are reasonable, as are the prices.", 4, 0], "AOLMNF-NY6bnTwRErGJWsA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "3/2/2010", "I think Taste of Thai might deserve about 3.5 stars, but closer to four so thus my rating.This is my favorite Thai place in the area, hands down. And I don't think I've had tastier duck curry anywhere else, and I eat a lot of Thai food. I love the mix of rich and subtle flavors of this dish: the sharper taste of fresh green bell peppers mingling with the softer, more rounded flavors of the red and yellow ones over basic eggplant (cooked so it is not too soggy, not too hard) and juicy grape tomato. Then there are the added tones of tangy grapes, sweet lychee, and citrus-y pineapple prepared with red curry past. Everything is smoothed over by the coconut milk into one well-balanced entree. Awesome. I've tried other dishes here also: the pad-thai (go-to thai noodle dish), pad-see eew (also a noodle dish), the choo-chee (fish in red curry), the khao pad sapparod (pineapple fried rice), and various curry dishes. All of them were good; I was never disappointed. Some of the appetizers are pretty good too (especially the som tum: papaya salad). Note: the spring rolls are really, really hot when they come out, so yes, they're wonderfully fresh, but will burn the crap out of your mouth. I starving when they got to the table the first time I ordered them, so I crunched into them right away, and, let me tell you, it wasn't pretty... but it was so, so goooood.... One thing I didn't like about Taste of Thai was that, while this place is good, some dishes are a bit more than I would usually pay for. Also, there can be a huge wait, especially if you come in a group. Look, I love Thai food and all, but I sometimes find myself wondering if the wait is actually worth it when there are some other tasty places to eat in the Commons. Moreover, I usually go with a group of friends, 5 or more. The bigger the group, the longer the wait, and possibly the more crowded and awkward the seating. But if you want to come here on a casual date, then I would definitely recommend it.", 4, 5], "j8t9fMb-vtndQbQc_vtjGw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/25/2010", "I am giving Taste of Thai (on the Commons) such a low rating because of the astonishingly nasty service. I have tried multiple times now and it is always the same thing, so I cannot go back, ever again. Taste of Thai Express is much, much better- I give them a lot of business and 3 stars. If the owners care at all and if they ever read their reviews, I would respectfully urge them to evaluate their staff at The Commons location. I am overly nice when I go out and I tip well. I have a great amount of empathy for what service people do because I do it myself. But with all the ambivalent-to-rude service I have now experienced in my travels, I am honestly trying to recall if I have ever been treated with such inexplicable and downright bazaar rudeness. With the exception of one nice guy, the staff is weirdly angry and openly hostile. Do not even think of asking a simple question like, \"Could you please leave out the peas?\" or being so obnoxious as to order tea, believing that maybe you will receive it. Unless the \"nice guy\" is your server (how does he stand working there? Don't they pool tips?)...Taste of Thai Express has much, much nicer staff and better prices. They are always very friendly and helpful and their delivery guys are great.The food is good enough that I order frequently, but I think Sticky Rice's is better quality. If you are looking for less expensive, Taste of Thai Express is the better value.If you like the coconut milk soup (Tom Ka Gai) TOTE makes the best for Ithaca. Also, their Pad Kee Mao with pork is quite good. Greasy, but good. The Pad Thai is tasty in-and-of-itself, but not the best, by a long shot. I never order appetizers because they are overpriced by a couple dollars for what you get. It is like much better Chinese takeout- Thai food.I love Ithaca, but man is it overpriced! We need better quality value places to eat.", 1, 5], "3CZljbvCuccAfCzkQ6VCiQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai", "1/21/2010", "This is a decent restaurant for thai food but I think it's slight over priced. I've been here a bunch of times and usually order the pad thai. One time I ordered the pad see ew but it was really different than what I'm used to eating in Chicago (it sucked) so I never ordered that again.I've come here with large groups and they are pretty fast with everyone's order so that's a definite plus to this restaurant. There's a ton of thai restaurants in Ithaca and I'd say try Sticky Rice.", 3, 0]}
{"Y8Y7L5tP13n24hWxOM_VJA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/14/2019", "The food itself is quite delicious and I especially love the saag paneer. However, I think the restaurant could seriously improve how they handle allergies. While the customer should certainly mention their own allergens, I think it's a quick help for the waiter/waitress to ask about allergens or for major ones to be labelled on the menu. It is misleading for only some dishes (the ones that are mainly cooked with nuts for example) to mention it, and others not. Even if nuts are only used as garniture, they can still cause severe allergic reaction and caused me extreme nausea and vomiting. I also primarily only visited Mehak for their lunch buffet which is very kindly labelled with major allergens and didn't realize that their dinner menu would not be as thoroughly labelled. I have included a partial screenshot of their menu from their website. Please note that the Chicken Dhaniawala Korma explicitly mentions nuts, but that Shahi Butter Chicken (which contains almonds and another tree nut) does not. While the customer should be responsible, Mehak's labelling inconsistency is being very risky.", 2, 0], "OonLl3AXRp9bfUvOw3Eu7w": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/12/2019", "The food here was better than I expected based on the reviews. I ordered the lamb vindaloo and the lamb was tender. I would agree that their curries are more flavorful than Diamonds. It's about the same price too.", 4, 1], "MOfFUesl9tpkn8G7eHunCg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "9/26/2018", "Description: As good as it can possibly get for Collegetown. Atmosphere: No fluff, great place to eat with friends.Buffet: A great deal with enough Indian food variety to satisfy you especially when you're hungover.", 5, 1], "1xe9SZrSKjBnQaTTMI8Y7w": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/25/2018", "On our recent trip to Watkins Glen State Park, post our trek we were craving Indian food and ended up at this restaurant. Much to our surprise, this place was occupied and had a wait time. The food tasted good we weren't disappointed. The samosas and veg cutlets were delicious. The quantities for entrees is decent for 2 people. The bread prices are on the higher end but considering the overall food quality it seemed acceptable. Also don't underestimate the spice levels. Levels 4 and 5 are really spicy even by regular Indian standards.", 5, 1], "XWW0zZqZkENu26aMw0UmWQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/6/2018", "Fantastic food. Had the butter chicken, chicken masala and makhani paneer. The Naan was fabulous. Very good and overall enjoyable experience!", 4, 0], "pszAmgL_sxgJy3HbZRbyGw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/9/2018", "Roundly beats Delhi Diamonds on taste, which I wasn't expecting. The lunch buffet is a steal, and features a good variety of choices for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. The menu was paneer-heavy on the day I went, and I happily sampled all the non-meat dishes. I was pleased with the moderate spice level, a rarity in Ithaca. The dal makhani was my favorite, the pakora was probably better an hour earlier, and there were two solid desserts on the line (cardamom-rich kheer and an admirable halva). Recommended for lunch on a day when you don't have any afternoon plans besides digestion. Pictured: plate one of two. Your stomach well tell you to stop at one plate; your brain will urge you on.", 4, 1], "9OBI19YOoBc_0PX2SX8Ftw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/3/2018", "Better chicken tandoori than sangam and an awesome lunch buffet. The wait staff is always really friendly and I've been there 10 to 15 times", 5, 1], "yc3zzU_hiQkcSFY8iAjrbQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/11/2018", "I love Mehak. First Indian food I've ever had, and it made me so glad I tried it. You can pick your spicy-ness level which is very convenient and lets people who don't like spicy foods as much still try most things on the menu. The food is always delicious and never takes very long. Great service.", 5, 0], "hv56ApsYVbM2QWYJAP4b9g": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "1/25/2018", "Best service ever. The food was worth every penny. The chili chicken was delicious! Yummy!", 5, 2], "N8BBklYdB2Rt5KBHiNMdfw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "9/3/2017", "The best naan I have had outside India. The curries were top notch too. Totally authentic experience. Missing a star as they were not ready for the long weekend. There were a lot of customers which is a good sign but not enough staff to keep up. When I asked for the menu during lunch, I was informed point blank that it would take a while. Well, the food tastes good so...", 4, 1], "YT_bmymrxeZh6UEfnLG4Uw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/7/2017", "We decided to try this place while driving by . Tadka daal was very good and piping hot !! Chicken vindaloo was average .", 3, 0], "Y_HTqbeTsKhVEAqveM09eQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/30/2017", "I really like their chicken curry and garlic naan! Coming from CA where I can easily find authentic cuisines. My Indian friends think that the food they serve here are quite authentic.They have buffet lunch on weekends, which is a deal, but they don't have chicken curry.", 4, 3], "1-ACYpOzXRkLkWFMDn4McA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/6/2017", "I've been to Mehak a bunch of times my first year being in Ithaca. I went back continuously with my friends and plan to go back more in the future. I didn't have much knowledge on Indian food before going to Mehak, but after eating there I'm always craving it and ready to try more. The staff are also great. Other than prices (for a college kid) there's really no complaints about this place! Definitely would recommend!", 4, 0], "a_Mhq5pYX4QJLNWOh1YUCw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/5/2017", "Mehak is probably the best Indian food you will find in Ithaca. The flavors are authentic, although I do find that it is not the best. For example, the saag is always to salty and the tandoori chicken is dry. I've only had the buffet so I can't speak for the full menu, but the buffet is pretty good for the price. If you're craving Indian, Mehak will do the job, but if you're looking for good Indian food, you won't find it here (or anywhere in Ithaca for that matter).", 3, 0], "nkZOCHXf94V2XoIUQRsszg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/24/2017", "I would not return to this restaurant ever again because they charged for items that are free at other Indian restaurants, and the food was spotty. The mulligatawny soup tasted good, but the bowl was only one-third full. My boyfriend got a tablespoon of cashews on the side, for which we were charged $2.99. I asked for a little bit more onion chutney, which would have equaled about one teaspoon, and I was told I would be charged $2.99. The rice was obviously old and reheated. The iced tea tasted like toilet water. The chicken in the chicken tikka appetizer was rubbery and chewy. The saag paneer was pretty good----fairly tasty. The potato naan was soft and fresh but had barely any potato in it. The service was excellent by the one white waiter. When I went to Cornell, I worked at the Indian place a few doors down and they took all my tips-----illegal, but I was a naive college student. I hope Mehak is not doing the same to this guy. I read on some reviews that they charged full price for kids at the lunch buffet. That sounds like the general practice at this restaurant-----overcharge and act cheap with customers.", 2, 3], "r3Pi9Wtf7bpM0_pbJWhg5A": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/22/2017", "Sagg Paneer was delicious. Lots of Garlic Nan and it was all cooked very nicely. Definitely recommend.", 4, 0], "h5IhR3Ub-EbQQQ-owHfsxQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/25/2017", "This place has great variety of indian food.Chicken tikka and especially the kheer is amazing.It is reasonably priced. I had the lunch buffet here .", 5, 5], "JAGTe5krcOEEzZE2zuaumA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/24/2017", "I kind of wish the paneer had more than six 1/2 inch cubes, or the rice wasn't taken off the lunch buffet and reheated at 6pm.", 2, 1], "iy2olcKq2Ah0UZKaVtS1PA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "1/29/2017", "I usually go for lunch, which is also when they serve their very popular buffet. I like the buffet, both quality and taste are very good and the food is replenished frequently so it's fresh. However, I would highly recommend their very good vegetarian dishes and I actually prefer getting an entree rather than the buffet because they are so tasty. I like the malai kofta, aloo matar & saag paneer a lot. There is not much ambience, but the food is worth your time and money.", 4, 2], "BPXchO82ApFe9YcZkNJXHQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/25/2016", "This was where I first tried Indian food. The food was totally delicious! Our stomachs were stuffed.", 4, 2], "dKVWvTnJ7yMi3jtPJnxoLA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/4/2016", "I love Mehak! I've been here many many times for lunch buffet as a well as for dinner in the restaurant (and take out). The lunch buffet is the best deal. If you go for dinner you're probably spending about $20-30 per person vs. $10ish for lunch.Even though there is no private parking lot, I don't usually have a problem getting parking nearby.I wish they delivered, but I won't penalize them a star for that.Their lunch buffet is a great deal and all of the food is fresh and tasty. They always have chicken tikka masala at the buffet, which is great because that is my favorite. They've never run out of anything at the buffet (at least while I've been there).The service here is really good and you don't feel like you've been forgotten about.", 5, 0], "8SSeUjQZr5_6hWKoKbYYyA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/24/2016", "I love Mehak! It is absolutely wonderful. I live relatively close-by, and it's always super fast and easy to get an order for pick-up. Five stars because the food is amazing, though I will make two notes: 1. Tandoori meat to-go is 7 pieces of meat in a box with a side of rice. I'd recommend getting something else for take-out. Best time to get their tandoori chicken is during the amazing lunch buffet they have.2. Their lassi is a blended mixture served over ice, which can sometimes dilute down the mixture. It's not something I've ever experienced before but is still good. I 100% recommend Mehak, just keep those two tips in mind!", 5, 0], "ktsD1UBGSzeM-tRKEfKwNQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/8/2016", "The food is great here!! i always eat here when i am in Ithaca!", 5, 1], "4s_dUAiO9vytuZSCvV_xBQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/18/2016", "The lunch buffet is reasonably priced. Predictable, consistent, and hot food make this a safe choice for fans of Indian cuisine. Most dishes have cream or tomato sauce base. A small selection of fresh vegetables, great rice, and other curry and chicken dishes. Recommended for lunch, but pricey for dinner.", 4, 0], "S8-lqDcbEAYilom5SQcWbg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/12/2016", "Best Indian food in town. They are consistently good and I always love trying new dishes. They also have an excellent lunch buffet. My favorite dishes are Madras chicken, chole bhatura, daal makhani, and Bengan bharta.", 5, 1], "ijQOTFWL6vgzbnkbIERltg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "1/20/2016", "I was surprised when I found out I have yet to write a Yelp review for Mehak. My colleagues took me here for the lunch buffet and I was in heaven. In general, I am very against buffets because a) food quality is always meh at best, b) the price for the food is always ridiculously overpriced and c) there are maybe 5 things out of 15 I would actually eat. Mehak know how to buffet. For $10, they serve between 12-14 main dishes, 3-4 appetizers, 5-8 side dishes and 2-3 desserts. Holy cannoli - the food is amazing. I admit that half the time I do not know exactly what I am eating as I am not well-versed in Indian dishes, but my rule of thumb when going to Mehak for the buffet lunch: a little heap of everything. The result is you end up with the most beautiful and aromatic plate of food. Scoop it up with some of their bread and pakora and you are all set for an afternoon of worthlessness at work. I always have to strategize when I come to Mehak for lunch, as my afternoons tend to be a wash - lots of time spent sitting in my chair, trying my best not to fall asleep. If you want to get extra reckless (as that is how I like to live my life), I order a Masala Chai on the side and for dessert, I have just a few spoonfuls of rice pudding. A friendly reminder - don't overfill your plate. Wasting food is not cool.", 5, 5], "eVPHaXOQVP7xUjCdS6Pw7w": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/20/2015", "I would have given less then one star but there was no option.Pathetic food and Pathetic service. Being a Indian and food loving person, I can definitely tell that they have one of the worst food in area. Every thing taste same and each gravy is nothing but tomato pur\u00e9e. Bad service and no regret of that. Definitely a place which should be avoided.", 1, 6], "4whPrHqz6h55YBphNGQktA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "9/21/2015", "LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Food is delicious and plentiful. We especially enjoy going for the lunch buffet. Great variety and EVERYTHING is delicious! Highly recommended.", 5, 1], "4OEfbEtLxps4rX7gX9f_og": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/26/2015", "Overall, our experience here was positive. Delicious food (flavors were amazing, breads were fantastic, spices were perfect), quick & friendly service, clean restaurant. They have a nice-sized vegetarian section of the menu with many dishes able to be made vegan. So why not 5 stars? Three things: -Papadum & chutneys were not served ahead of the meal. I really enjoy this as part of the 'Indian Restaurant Experience', like chips & salsa at a Mexican restaurant, so, that was disappointing. -Dishes were on the small side, but the price did not reflect this. The least expensive *vegetarian* dish was $10. We prefer to eat Indian 'family style' and the smallish size of the entrees made this more challenging. -We requested a bit more rice halfway thru our meal, and were charged $3. Ouch. Notes: Dishes can be prepared spice level 1-5-They have beef on the menu, which is unusual.", 4, 0], "FpidqTV6EG53r4xY-gHLXw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/11/2015", "We are locals and typically go to the other Indian buffet a few doors down but they were closed.  So we ventured to Mehak. I was disappointed that the paneer masala wasn't actually cheese but instead tofu.  The sauce was good. The chicken tikka masala was alright but I still like Sangam's much better. The one thing I really disliked is that as I was going to check out is that they charged my 6 year old the price of an adult!  If anyone has a kid...you know the eat a single bowl of rice and maybe a single slice of nan.  Hardly worth the stealthy $9.99 that is charged at this Indian Buffett. To say the least we will not be coming back and if our Sangam's is closed we will just keep on driving!", 1, 1], "h9SvnDBRYA6swz6pcSPw5w": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/9/2015", "We were in Ithaca on vacation and looking for some good, spicy Indian food. We found the service at Mehak very rude and condescending. The food was okay, but we've had much better. The spice level was bland and Americanized. There was also a problem with flies.", 1, 0], "uBerXKDDgNlKQ4qTJigCkw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/11/2015", "Best Indian food I've had in Ithaca.The waitress was lovely and the food was delicious. I really have no complaints.", 5, 3], "XurAl2-CXd-1jD90Eez-fg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/7/2015", "Just got some take out food from this little Indian place, and -- what can I say? Definitely the best Indian food in college town! The naan was nice, the daal was delightful, the kofta was killer, and the paneer was priceless. Far and away better than the competition!", 4, 5], "qkte_gf6Hxj5Qz-O3aEgAg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/3/2015", "While the food tastes good, the quantity is definitely not proportional to what you pay. O ordered ghoat masala, payed $15 for what I consider a brunch at best. I asked that the rice is too less, and they said rice is complimentary!", 2, 0], "9AetePhuHe8pgXvtKs39Yg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/26/2015", "You should hear me when I have a cough. You should hear Mehak.That's gross though, sorry.This is a typical college town Indian restaurant. Very bland and very Americanized, but everyone thinks it's just fabulous and full of spice. It reminds me of Taste Of India or something in Buffalo. It's bland-Americanized-Indian-food despite the Indian sounding name. That can still be really good, though, and it was pretty tasty.I don't think I'd have given it a 5 star even if it had been dirt cheap, but as it happens, it's pretty overpriced. So is Ithaca in general, but these curries will set you back over $10 and for college kids that's steep. Maybe they have lunch specials or something, but I think they should have some deals that make these dishes affordable on a daily basis to the poor, underprivileged kids of... er... Cornell. Lol.", 4, 34], "ARknedWSWwUDU5RcnicKRQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/27/2015", "One of my collegetown favorites. The food is piping hot, creaming and the naan is oozing flavor. Highly recommend the Saag Paneer for vegetarians. Only wish would be for Mehak to do delivery! Otherwise, awesome and delicious Indian cuisine.", 5, 0], "B_zgRKN6CR8SWXcZ5EV4HA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "12/8/2014", "Best Indian food in Ithaca. My husband and I love their quality. Would certainly recommend. (We're vegetarian, so we're only commenting on the vegetarian food, although I'd expect the non-vegetarian food to be good, too.)", 5, 0], "qF4bh5cTZyNnAVv6HsKTGw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "12/7/2014", "I've been to both Sangam and Mehak multiple times and I prefer Mehak. Overall, the price is fair, the selection is sufficiently wide and the quality is there. I don't know what authentic Indian food tastes like but this stuff is delicious.I see other people have had issues with the service; I have always had great experiences with the service here. I think a set of sisters might comprise a good proportion of the wait staff, not sure though.Food is great, service is totally fine, a decent selection, good quality, very fair price. I highly recommend Mehak's lunch buffet.", 4, 1], "GrYR5VhsWyPiVYcHZ0SrPw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/30/2014", "Very good Indian food, certainly the best in collegetown. Taken to go it is always hot and delicious. They should also be commended for their ability to make food not spicy (for those of us who can't handle the kick!)", 5, 0], "vj_qSwIJ77kX5M7ktzuILw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/1/2014", "Our son is at Cornell and we visit Ithaca and regularly eat at MehakExcellent and authentic Indian food. We eat mild food and they prepare to our taste and enjoyment. Great personal service from the entire staff. Congratulations Mehak !!", 5, 0], "_HbsAhDW0G8VQ6JrFSPnQQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/30/2014", "Went for the lunch buffet, most of the curries were a little gross-looking and not very flavorful. The only palatable one was the chicken tikka masala. It was nice that they had unlimited naan, though.", 2, 1], "_qkgafjugR5jQxOH7v5NXw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/14/2014", "very authentic indian food. i am a person use to indian punjabi food and had even problems sometimes in jackson heights. But here i found a taste i yearned for.IT was like back home india foodInterior was good . we took a buffet. 9 dollars a person with all you can eat is very reasonable to me.one caveat was we were towards the end of the lunch and one of the items there was exhausted and they said that they would not replenish it.service was prompt and polite", 4, 3], "i-MIfLZvaeZMIOAtvgBqeQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/23/2014", "Easily the best Indian food in ithaca. I don't know how the other places stay in business. Courteous and knowledgeable staff. Food is consistently good!", 4, 1], "SY2UPBWkhDlVmbh_OSyZOg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/7/2014", "Possibly the most unfriendly restaurant in Ithaca!Desperately in need of a hot cup of tea and some snacks we land up in this place. All of us are regulars and we take up a corner in a near empty restaurant. We make it amply clear while entering to the server that we are planning on having appetizers and tea and don't intend to order any entrees. Immediately we start getting treated very rudely. We walk up to the manager and report the misbehavior of the severs. To our disbelief we are told \"You guys were treated rudely on purpose because you didn't order entrees!\" Bad behavior by staff, intentional and unintentional, happens in many places. But owning it up with pride & glee requires one-of-a-kind courage!", 1, 13], "uSOJXpkWzE0lc6kwT8XY1g": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/4/2014", "Really good Indian food. Lunch buffet. Vegan options.", 4, 0], "cX5paxrFgkj2Vr39qJ-C6w": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/24/2014", "Oh God. Where do I begin with this place. There's a reason why this place is an almost weekly tradition for me. For a Cornell student who eats almost no vegetables throughout the week, Mehak is not only a weekend delight after a long week of studying but also literally an important source of nutrition.First let's start with the naan. Scrumptious. Soft. Warm. Goes well with any of the sauces and foods that look like vomit and can't be differentiated clearly from one another. Don't be fooled; they ALL taste good. Get all of them. Seriously.Then there's the chicken. Oh god, red, plump, almost boneless, juicy chicken. Put those vomit-like foodstuffs over the chicken too. Or don't. It doesn't matter; you will be pleasantly surprised by the chicken anyway.Finally, you get to the \"dessert\" section. If they have the \"Besan\", which is this kind of unbelievable tasting sweet chickpea flour, don't bother. Stick with your savories. The Besan is truly such an unbelievable dessert that the first thing I do upon entry is to see if they have it. If they have sweet rice pudding, you are in luck. Dribble that stuff over the Besan and you will be trapped there until closing time. My piece of advice for eating here (yes, you need advice to eat at a restaurant): Pace yourself. When you walk into Mehak, you enter a different dimension, where time travels differently from outside. An hour inside Mehak is really about 6 minutes. One monumental meal and three dishes later, you find out hardly 10 minutes have passed, and your digestive system will HATE you later.", 5, 17], "-m5wHhnj6GzbclUtIKu7eA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/24/2014", "OMG ... For once the spicy at an Indian Restaurant was spicy by Indian standards ;) ... I ordered a takeout last night on my way to Niagara Falls from NYC ... And quite pleasantly surprised by how yummy the food was ! ... Surely recommend eating here ! .... Daal tadka, kadhai paneer and chicken tikka masala all tasted great ! :) ... The staff seemed friendly from what I experienced not sure how the service would be but guessing good only as they were nice to me even though I got 10 mins after their closing time.", 4, 2], "ZkkkvdLfjayuxMJGay5PeQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/27/2014", "We drove an hour to get here only to find that they were closing. When the waitress found out we had driven that far they stayed open for us. The waitress was sweet and and explained the ingredients in some of the dishes. She made conversation and was attentive. The food was hot, fresh and plentiful. The Indian rice pudding we had for dessert was fantastic , but there was a carrot dessert with cardamon and almonds that I will dream about until I have it again. I had the chai tea which just tasted like black tea with cream n sugar ( no spices ) The only bad thing about this place is the parking. Considering it's in college town that is what I would expect. The total bill for 2 people was $25. A reasonable price for lunch. This was definitely worth the drive.", 4, 0], "YTBAUN5f4AJXY08zBe-oyw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "12/29/2013", "this place was at most average.the food was fine, but the dishes did not include rice and is extra?! and the wooden bench at some of the tables along the wall are Awful- very uncomfortable.", 2, 1], "G3dQK5Y0f_8Bwi43WYbhGg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/9/2013", "It's very hard to rate this place... The food is excellent! The service is not great... While the staff is very friendly, they seem to be constantly understaffed, which makes wait times much longer... Plus their Chai Tea, is disgusting, seriously, stay away from it! But again, their food is AMAZING!!! Which is why I'm giving it four stars, so if your a patient person, like I usually am, the. This place is definitely worth a go!!!", 4, 2], "iSj3yH2CYvlXjRC1XwlKgQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "9/8/2013", "Prices were high but the food was good. I wish they provided free parking though. It took us 20 minutes to find a place to park along the street during a weekday.", 3, 1], "mag2brg5OSbjoFvmliUlYA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/23/2013", "This is/was my first time eating Indian food ever so I decided to go for the lunch buffet so I could try a bit of everything. The bread was fantastic. It reminded me of flatbread a little but was less dense and buttery which was fantastic. I think they made it in a brick oven too cause the sides were kissed black a little which I actually like.The tandoori chicken was okay. It tasted like chicken and didn't have a huge amount of flavor though it was very moist and fell right off the bone which was great.The chili they had wasn't very spicy even though they had a \"spicy\" sign on it. I actually think this was the least spicy thing I had haha. It tasted a bit like a traditional tomato based chili.The basmati rice was quite good, cooked very well and wasn't dry which rice usually gets at a buffet.The Chicken Tikka Masala was pretty tasty which had chicken that had been cooked for 24 hours apparently. It was very tasty and had plenty of spices. It reminded me of the consistency of a tomato sauce with the taste of a cumin type chili. My favorite thing was the Vegetable Pakora and Aloo Tikki. The Pakora was deep fried veggies with a huge amount of seasoning that blew me away. I tasted cumin, curry, salt and a few other spices that were just amazing. The Aloo Tikki though which was Potato pancakes deep fried were the best. They were crunchy on the outside and had so much seasoning I had to take small bites cause it overpowered my mouth. It was crazy good though and I could eat these all day!The curry potatoes were good too which tasted like traditional cumin and curry homefries.The dessert sticky rice I wasn't a huge fan of, it was sweet but there was a flavor that was just off to me.Overall this was a pretty decent lunch and I'd definitely go back for a lunch but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back and it's not because the food wasn't good it's just because after eating here I realized I'm not a huge fan of the traditional cumin and curry flavors but the food was cooked great.The service, atmosphere and price were really good as well. The servers were attentive, refilling water every time it got low and taking our plates when we were done. The price was only 8.99 for the lunch buffet which in Ithaca is quite the good deal. Definitely recommend this place as your first try for Indian food if you haven't had it yet!", 4, 1], "THtMpN3DHgObKOgvjCgLDg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/23/2013", "The food is alright, a bit on the spicy side which was fine. However, the sweet rice in dessert didn't have enough in it. A word of caution, not all their items are halal. Just please stick to the goat meat section for halal food, I've often heard people complaining they have been tricked. So only stick to goat meat.", 1, 6], "MLS1E_6RTFOksYjjLencvQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/15/2013", "This is the only Indian restaurant I will go to in Ithaca. Their buffet always has something different and all of the curries are excellent. The pakora and samosas are great too. The Malai Kofta and vindaloo are my favorite and an order of naan is large!!Only cons are dinner entrees are a bit expensive and the dessert selection on the buffet is so-so, but you'll be too full of great curry for that anyway!", 5, 0], "mCWfIPh3gnrfS4N2f497qA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "6/2/2013", "Probably my favorite of the Indian restaurants in Ithaca, but still similar in quality to the other two. This place would be about average in a bigger city. I really enjoy their butter chicken. Once you order it you will never go back to chicken Tikka Masala.", 4, 3], "o5c3RWOSTaanopJQBBQ69A": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/9/2013", "Worst Indian food in Ithaca. Very salty food with few vegetarian options on the Sunday brunch buffet. I was sick for two days after eating here. Never again!!", 1, 3], "l2w472Kn5g0DKwyJKoDeYQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/2/2013", "Beware allergy sufferers, you will find yourselves eating rice with salad during their buffet and facing off quizzical looks of the staff. Not the best Indian food in Ithaca--at all. What it does have is decent, clean ambience though if you like things exploding out of your rear then this is your place, if you'd rather have traditional meals with higher quality ingredients go next door.", 2, 3], "e6Wx-QVYTZFWbGV1mvY2FQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/11/2013", "Too spicy for me, but definitely a good place for dinner.", 4, 2], "Hftk7alqT5Fp8eY8rqFErQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "3/9/2013", "It was my first time in Ithaca and the reviews were good about this place so I thought I would give it a try. Let me start by saying I rated this a 3 star based on my Chicago tastebuds but people tell me it really is a 4 star for Ithaca.We started off with Fish Pakoras which were tasteful but a little salty and the portion for the price was very small. Next we had Mustani Palak, a spinach/chick pea dinner that was good but again less salt would have been perfect. My favorite always is Aloo Gobi Masala and this was done well if again less salt was added. All the dishes had good spices added to the dish. The service was friendly and ambience is nice. I would probably return if I were to visit Ithaca again, but would request less salt in the dishes.", 3, 3], "EkHTkzYas6ydK_pKfNLsQA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/24/2013", "This is not the best Indian food I've ever had, and dinner is a bit on the expensive side. On the other hand, the buffet is quite a respectable spread and a good value. The Vindaloo is good, and they will make it mouth numbingly spicy if you ask them to. They are also fairly accommodating of large groups at moment's notice.", 4, 2], "-aX7O2R4lEnLC2p09WdCzA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "1/8/2013", "Prepare your stomach for explosive fun if you get the butter chicken and keema naan. Lamb vindaloo is also pretty good. Explosive because it can be. I'd say there is a 10% chance it will shoot out of you 20 minutes after eating, but if you crave indian food, there is no better place around!There is a lunch buffet for less than $10 that I have yet to try...", 4, 5], "5F489QsftbY9a53qEi_Qzg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "12/25/2012", "Really great place and always poses a dilemma for me whenever I want Indian food since Sangam (EXTREMELY similar, practically the same restaurant) is right next door and only slightly cheaper than Mehak. (literally like $.50 more than Sangam for their lunch buffets sorta thing) However, I do still come here at times if I want to change up which Indian restaurant I want to dine in. The lunch buffet here is really good, and basically identical to Sangam's (although of course they'll have slightly different entrees on the same day so I like to check out what both places are offering before choosing).During dinner, (like in Sangam), I typically order a lamb dish since they don't serve lamb during the lunch buffets (only chicken and vegetable) and I think the quality was slightly better than Sangam's, although again, only very slightly. Overall, I think this is a great place and come here from time to time whenever I feel that I've eaten at Sangam too often.UPDATE: I actually think Mehak is now better then Sangam...there are more choices and there is a higher turnover of food so the food is fresher.", 5, 14], "59E91qAjnWOEbSQxJsRjKw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "12/2/2012", "The semester's coming to a close and so my friends and I decided to catch a bite to eat before we say our farewells. Go big or go home is the motto, so we picked this Indian Buffet.The Grub --* Mehak Lunch Special Buffet ($9.28 Incl. Tip & Tax)Venue Review --Just outside the heart of Collegetown, Mehak is on quiet little Eddy Street next to Level B. It's a simple enough restaurant, as you enter you'll see the buffet is ten feet ahead of you and there's two and four person seating on your left and right. Basically a rectangle, the layout is very simple and conducive to buffet style eating without requiring much weaving between tables.Food Review --There's no way you can go wrong with Indian food, or at least that's my philosophy. A lot of the time, you'll have no idea what you're eating because it's bathed in spices, curry and mouthfuls of flavor, but sometimes that's what all the excitement's about! I snapped a few photos of my plates, featuring items such as chicken tikka masala, shahi butter chicken, pindi chana masala, garlic nan, and aloo saag. At Mehak they always have the freshest ingredients and more than enough food to satisfy the hungriest carnivore and/or herbivore. Vegeterian options galore.Service Review --It's a buffet, so you can't expect much service, but what the waitstaff did provide (refills and check service) was friendly and speedy.Overall Impression --This was only my second time here in the past year, but like the last visit, it ended with a belly full of warm food and a comfortable food coma. I'll definitely be visiting more often because the restaurant is not only delicious but extremely affordable for a college student. The only other Indian buffet is a little farther up the street (Sangam Indian Cuisine), but Mehak is too good to risk disappointment at another venue.Here's a quote concerning Indian food from one of my favorite movies, ANCHORMAN:\"Veronica Corningstone: My God, what is that smell? Oh. Brian Fantana: That's the smell of desire my lady. Veronica Corningstone: God no, it smells like, like a used diaper... filled with... Indian food. Oh, excuse me. Brian Fantana: You know, desire smells like that to some people.\"", 4, 18], "wvr749kZ8_qX-wGpY6brYw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/14/2012", "Great Indian food, try the samosas, they're amazing! don't get the mixed appetizer plates, just get a double order of samosas, seriously. Other favorites include the lamb saag, mateer paneer, and their fresh naan.I have to say though, I've been for their lunch buffet and wasn't all that impressed - go here for dinner instead, the food is much better, fresher, and there are more choices.", 4, 3], "zSzh9v7c5kt6xZE6DZ9YUw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/1/2012", "I love the buffet here especially Rice with Chicken tikka masala. The tandoori chicken and gajar halwa are good as well. The buffet is cheap but dinner can be expensive with upwards of $20", 4, 0], "6rf0DzVPWG1HM7QziHZ0GQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/9/2012", "The food quality is great. Mehak serves standard Indian cuisine, but everything tastes good and is easily a step above Ithaca's other Indian offerings. Service is also fairly good. On multiple visits I've never had a bad waitress. For lunch they serve an excellent buffet that has plenty of options. My only complaint is that the price is a little high for dinner.", 4, 1], "Y2QSMHP5chLXlFD9gI128g": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/28/2012", "I think the food is a bit on the expensive side but the quality is always good! I ate at their buffet on 2 occasions and the food was delicious. Nice assortment, and I really enjoyed the dessert. Now, if they offered gulab jamun as one of the desserts in their buffet, I would've been the happiest of campers!Definitely recommend trying the lunch buffet. It's cheaper and if you're new to Indian food and/or sensitive to spiciness, I think most of the buffet is mild and a good intro into some of the well-known dishes that beginners tend to like.", 4, 6], "NQIeEI7u6VYqPWjwv1RJAQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "5/23/2012", "Lunch was outstanding. Best Naan bread we have ever had. Freshly baked and fluffy. Great service. Price was $8.00 bucks per person for buffet. Chicken Tika Masala was tender and goodChicken Tandoori was great and tenderThey had roughly - 2 types of rice to choose from, - 2 types of bread, - 4-5 types of side dishes, - 3 main dishes to choose from- rice pudding type dessert, was ok. Overall both the food and service was excellent for the price.", 5, 1], "EYgL0J98PCUhh1_-6mSdEw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/11/2012", "I like Mehak mostly because it is the closest to Indian food that the town of Ithaca has to offer. We started off with the veggie appetizer sampler and it was good although both the aloo tikki and the samosa seemed to be stuffed with the same potato mixture. Ask any East Indian an they would confirm that it's the way its done. We also ordered the Chole Batura and the Mustani Palak. When tasted it was like the Chole was a tomato-based version of the Mustani Palak. There was only a subtle difference between the two which again, is not how it's done. The Batura was more like deep fried pita bread and the poori's were far too thick. The aloo parathas we had were good and their dessert, especially the Punjabi kulfi was extremely good. The lassi, needless to say, was really good too. Normally, I wouldn't recommend this place. But given Mehak is the lesser of the other evils in Ithaca, I would go ahead and try it once.", 3, 7], "vvMg3Yyrrw7DyNd9IXTSlQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/23/2012", "Best Indian food in town, hands down. Coming from a city with a large Indian population, I wasn't expecting to be impressed with the Indian food in Ithaca. I was wrong, Mehak has better Indian food than all 21 restaurants in San Diego. The Shahi Navratan Korma is incredible and has just the right amount of spice (I tend to like things spicy and I find this to be nice and hot). I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of inconsistency. I always order off the menu and because of this, I've had better luck at dinner when the buffet is shut down - lunch time is packed with students hitting up the inexpensive buffet and because of this, the kitchen prepared food suffered.", 4, 4], "VFgy3cXTUcMS-k6xnEbAoQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/23/2011", "Mehak serves up some very underwhelming Indian dishes. I have been on an huge Indian kick lately by sampling the Indian places in Ithaca over the past month or so and I have to say that Mehak was, by far, the weakest of all of them. Whenever I think of Indian, I think of spices like cardamom, cumin, coriander, pepper, and and occasional whiff of clove. I had every dish on the lunch menu and all but the daal makhani had the spice and flavor profile I was looking for. Every other dish felt restrained and tame by most every other standard. This included the chicken curry, aloo saag, vegetable biryani. The tandoori chicken was ice cold, tough and a not very tasty. The pakora assortment was cooked nicely with a good crisp coating, but was too salty, even for a salt fiend like me. The naan was good, especially the fresh batches they put out. Mehak was also the most expensive Indian buffet in Ithaca.I doubt I would return here when there are better, cheaper places in town.", 2, 17], "MmgBMpp2Eu6N7zAJpoSoow": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "8/3/2011", "Mehak is an excellent alternative to other Indian restaurant choices. We only tried vegetarian entres and their channa bhatura was excellent. You must try their methi parathas, authentic bread that is very tasty. Although it may be loaded with oil, it may in fact be better than Naan. The rest of the vegetables we oredred were ok and the staff was friendly.", 4, 5], "uPJjeYpRGMdvldyLLhEbDg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/4/2011", "How can Ithaca have fantastic Thai food and no exceptional Indian food? That being said, Mehak is definitely the best of our choices in town. I went for lunch, which is a buffet. It was early and food was fresh and yummy.But it's a buffet and I thought the dishes were over salted. Staff was friendly and efficient; atmosphere relaxing and clean. I want to try it for dinner.", 3, 14], "OwJkqkafwEe7z2hZrfioGQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/20/2011", "Mehak serves the worst Indian food in Ithaca. The appetizers, rice and roti were all fine, but the two different curries I tried were among the worst I've ever been served. Both seemed to be made with a ton of tomato paste, and effectively had the taste of a spicy ketchup sauce. I was prepared for mediocre, and this was borderline gross.I have frequented both Sangam (both locations) and Diamonds for the past 12 years, and have never had a bad meal at either. And while neither really compares to the truly amazing Indian restaurants I've tried in NYC and London, they certainly aren't serving tomato paste for $13.", 1, 4], "34sDIeOLKCpMANHk871FWw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "2/1/2011", "I'm usually not a big fan of Indian cuisine. But Mehak is definitely an exception because both the food and the service are excellent.I went to Mehak three times for dinner and the food was consistently good. My favorite is the butter chicken and their naan is delicious! Plus, there is nothing like to have a hot chai after an excellent meal!I should add that Mehak is far better than Sangam.I'll definitely go back many more times..", 5, 13], "49CQHHyjZDbULB4ghZPU_A": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "1/26/2011", "I love Indian food, it has some of the best flavor in the world. Mehak's food is no exception. Being that there is not much in Ithaca and wanting a little diversity in my diet during my visit, I ventured out to Mehak and it was worth the trip, even in Ithaca's cold weather. We started with the veggie samosas, very good. I typically do not steer away from my typical Tiki Marsala, but I took a chance here and it was worth it. We both had chicken dishes and they were great. The flavor and spice was perfect. And to top the meals off we had plain buttered pann with our food. Our service was good and the ambiance was good with light Indian music playing. On my trips to Ithaca I now have a new Indian spot to eat at and I will return.", 4, 17], "kaUSMQfzhJ__3mv1Avvmpw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "11/17/2010", "Mehlak is so much better than Sangam. Sangam was decent, but Mehlak is definitely at least a whole star above. What's funny is they're just 2 stores down the street, haha talk about competition. The Indian buffet is great, was only 7.99. Although they had pretty limited dished, the naan and the bread is really good. The desserts are okay, but the Chicken tandoori and the other meat dishes were great. Impressed overall. Just make sure you wear something you don't mind getting dirty (in case you spill curry or something, it never comes off) and mind getting smelly (I smelled like Indian food all day).", 4, 20], "4a5NvmREcqvp5_BHTs86Sg": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/18/2010", "In any big city, Mehak would be a good, solid restaurant. But in a small town like Ithaca, Mehak goes above and far beyond my expectations. If I could, I would give Mehak 4.5 stars for excellent service, great taste, and calm ambiance.I came here for Mehak's grand opening and I tried the lunch buffet. I'll admit, I was not impressed. I wasn't disappointed either. My feelings about the place were lukewarm at best. But recently, my boyfriend and I were hit by a mad craving for Indian food. His housemate raved about Mehak, so I decided, desperate times called for giving this place another try. And let me say: I am SO GLAD we did.SERVICE: We walked in, were greeted with a smile, seated, and immediately provided with water (mark of attentive staff). When I put down my menu to indicate I was ready to order, I saw that the waiter took notice, put down the pile of menus he was organizing, and immediately make his way to our table to take our order. I made a lot of \"ums\" and \"uhs\" about what I wanted, but despite my take-backs and additions, he got the order perfectly: 2 vegetable samosas, black pepper pappadums, chicken tikka masala (I always order this at Indian places to get a feel for the quality of the basics), chicken vindaloo, garlic naan, masala chai, and mango lasse. (We were HUNGRY!) When we finished the meal, the super nice waitress was quick to clean the table, offer us more drinks, share a few laughs, and hand us the check. Awesome.FOOD:Let's just talk about the food off the menu. The naan was amazing: soft, fluffy, with perfect consistency and wonderful over-baked flavor served steaming hot. Samosas were spicy, crispy on the outside and bursting with flavor on the inside; the chutneys definitely help with decided how much more spice you want. Pappadums were also spicy; you could see the lentils baked into it, and the black pepper was a perfect, light addition to the crispy wafers. The chicken tikka masala was very tomato-y but in a good way; there was the tang of actual tomatoes underneath the creamy curry. The chicken vindaloo was spicier and definitely has the flavors of the malt vinegar instead of red wine or whatever curry is usually paired with. Both the chicken and the potatoes were perfectly marinated in the sauce. Mango lasse? Amazing! The yogurt was more dominant at first, but as you drank it, the mango really came out. Super refreshing for such a creamy drink. And the chai was exactly what I wanted on a cold Ithaca night. As you can tell, I tasted quite a bit of food from Mehak. The thing is, the menu is quite large and I will be sure to go back to try more of it! ATMOSPHERE: Chill. I felt like I could relax there; the staff was attentive but not pushy and I felt like I could eat at my leisure, add items to my order, or ask for a refill. I liked the bollywood music playing the background because it added to the feel of the place without making it difficult to hold conversation. Everything was clean and neatly organized. Presentation of the food was simple but effective. Nicely done. VERDICT:Definitely give this place a try if you're interested in well-balanced flavors and excellent service!", 4, 17], "E17LXzdqTFesXccPd10Gig": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "10/10/2010", "Mehak has the best Indian food in Ithaca!My husband and I had dinner here tonight with friends and their baby girl. We ordered four different vegetarian entrees: Saag Paneer, Bengan Bharta, Molai Kufta, & Aloo Gobhi. All were quite tasty & medium spicy as we requested. My mango lassi was delicious and the naan bread was great. I especially enjoyed the bollywood Indian music playing in the background....very fun!", 4, 16], "w62DO5nZg6KM6--2HztkVw": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "9/9/2010", "I went to dinner at Mehak not long after it first opened and it was lovely. When my sister and mother came to town I was excited to take them to this place for lunch. We go in and sit down only to discover it is a buffet style with poor options. I didn't want an all-you-can-eat buffet, I wanted quality food. So I ordered off the menu, despite the server misinforming me that there were many dairy-free vegetarian options at the buffet. (2 items, including rice). While I waited for the entree I had one single bite of my sister's whatever it was some triangle things--from the buffet, and a couple seconds later my family was rudely interrupted by the server telling me that I will be charged for the buffet!!! How embarrassing it was! I didn't come in to scam the place and just get water, while stuffing my face on their orders. NO, I ordered an entree MORE expensive than the buffet! The server didn't even make a REQUEST that I avoid doing that. It was 1 bite!! He could have waited at least for a 2nd-3rd bite for a warning. The staff seemed shocked that I jumped out of my seat and immediately spoke to management. We should have just left the restaurant after such rude service.If you wish to avoid such embarrassment and poor service, you might choose to avoid Mehak.", 1, 20], "Qi5BWrNY_ngLoX2h_livtQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "7/26/2010", "Great food!!!As an Indian person who eats A LOT of authentic Indian food I'm very reluctant to go to indian restaurants.--- but I went here for dinner with friends and got 5 dishes-- and everything was AMAZING!!!!!!LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Very authentic food, and everyone working there is very sweet! BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN!!!!", 5, 8], "6pKeCx8aj10LVL623rvJGQ": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/19/2010", "The best Indian food in Ithaca. A nice addition to the dining scene. The sauces were each unique and delicious. They are not afraid to spice it up so order the heat as you'd really like it. The Nan was very good as well. Service was very attentive. We had three servers waiting on us. They were very sweet with our four year old. We had Chicken Sagwala, Chicken Vindaloo, Shrimp Curry and Pindi Chana Masala. The Vegetarian combination appetizer platter was ok if a bit too much fried stuff. Mango Kulfi for dessert was surprisingly good. They told me the buffet at lunch is fantastic. I look forward to trying it. Lacking wine and beer right now but working on it.", 5, 26], "iBpgHZzUJezV-_YjOEvRLA": ["Yelp", "Mehak Cuisine", "4/2/2010", "Very diverse menu but with a lot of classic Indian staples. I found their food to be slightly above average for Indian food, but their masala chai was superior - almost as good as you can get in India!Service was very good.", 3, 7]}
{"BJGSwh2Z4OtdnV_gwEw7OQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/12/2018", "This is the best Ice Cream spot in Ithaca when summer rolls around, we like the 50's feel to the place, and the Ice Cream & Sundaes are exceptional IMO too! Thank you:)", 5, 0], "Fh86Qt0JWbcWP3dbYerF8Q": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/6/2018", "Put simply, this is the place to go for ice cream in Ithaca. Maybe even dessert in Ithaca (assuming you had Waffle Frolic for breakfast and will have Insomnia Cookies for drunk snacks...I digress). Point being, you gotta come here, it's an Ithaca staple. The amount and variety of flavors Purity has is bomb, so take your time because if you don't read the whole menu you'll certainly miss something you'd love. The servings here are generally massive, and there is also a large variety of milkshake options. Most recently my family and I tried the 8 scoop ice cream (Purity's imitation of the crowd pleaser) and that is the most quiet my family has been for 10 consecutive minutes.", 4, 0], "L2lLY3m9CizwQuz8Ocnfaw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/18/2018", "I just had the yummiest breakfast! The vegan pancakes were so good! Everything was cooked perfectly! I loved the sweet homemade ketchup and the breakfast potatoes! Gluten free toast and delicious fried eggs! And they sell lip balm! What more could you ask for?! (I have a lip balm obsession.)", 5, 0], "kG4tayd8aPFP1cN6DvliBg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/8/2018", "Best ice cream you can find in Ithaca. It was always crowded when I went, but you never come out disappointed. Don't really recommend the bakery products tho. Go with ice cream! I tried Gimme Mocha Fudge and Goose Trax.", 4, 0], "Z0mN1_JpXHQaPLNwGMSqUg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/18/2018", "Boring and predictable. If I wanted ice cream that tastes like I bought it discounted in bulk at a grocery store then I wouldn't bother to buy it by the scoop.", 2, 0], "-gBOsREiaF-E-Lgl0z6umg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/13/2018", "I got a classic brownie sunday with vanilla ice cream. They ask if you want whip cream and a cherry on top. It was very good. The fudge and brownie were on point. I don't always feel like ice cream so I love that they have a few pies to pick from. You can get your pie a la mode or warmed up if you like. The line moved fast although I was not there on a very busy day. They will give you a number so don't throw away the receipt right away. It was a well deserved treat after a good hike!", 4, 0], "qIobdgQkFvX55vsDa6mrkA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/30/2018", "I loved all the ice cream choices! Service was friendly and patient considering we were a large crowd and there were so many choices.We were lucky and visited when it was not very crowded. There was plenty of seating inside. We'll be back!", 4, 0], "k-ruFKp6kRdHfUz1lelYxg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/30/2018", "The vegan ice cream is ridiculously good! My only complaint is that they don't always have mint chip which is the best flavor! They also have a special menu item for dogs (a scoop of vanilla with milk bone on top).", 5, 0], "REc48Kr3Dr6KqojC4XtzwA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/29/2018", "The word is amazing. Lots of choices of ice cream and how it is served. And no tasting, just line up, put in your order and take a seat until your number is called. A little industrial to my taste, but it worked.An Ithaca tradition so is THE spot for ice cream or to entertain visitors and family.The ice cream is high quality, so creamy and savory on the tongue. Wife liked cones, I liked cups with topping, like caramel. Got both and they were delicious.We were able to visit twice and it could have been more, but the parents arrived with their Cornell student children and it was a mob scene, even after 11pm. Not only was there a line going outside the building but the parking area was too jammed to even pull through it.It is a \"one-er.\" Unique to Ithaca, so you have to give it a try.", 4, 2], "M9agnwj3FbQYHpKingzNDw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/28/2018", "Good stuff an, apparently, a must do for a visit to Ithaca. A bit confusing, the whole process, but worth it.", 5, 0], "qWPlGntarvOtAJyp8rsIjw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/1/2018", "Purity vegan ice cream is amazing. It's not overly sugary like some ice creams. It tastes rich and creamy. So good. This place has at least 4-5 flavors!! My husband got the chocolate chip cookie dough and I got a scoop of the triple threat which is a chocolate ice cream with chocolate chips and chocolate chunks. The ice cream is soy based and awesome! They even let me sub out the pup cup with vegan vanilla!!", 5, 2], "KshBhT4W8PPdZ60K0dkGvA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/29/2018", "Yummy ice cream with many different flavors and options. Vegan options also. I had a chocolate ice cream with cookie dough which was neat concept, given that most cookie dough ice creams are usually vanilla.", 5, 0], "5UgC_Jyv8h6v45t0xNmq8A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/14/2018", "So we started our ice cream tasting venture for the best ice cream back in May. We were told that we just HAD to come to Purity for ice cream so naturally we did! The line was ridiculously long that it intrigued us! The line actually moved pretty quickly and we finally got to where we could see the menu. The amount of ice cream flavors is crazy but amazing at the same time! The one thing I wish they had was smaller menus with the descriptions of the flavors that were not self explanatory. We finally got to order and then another shorter wait began. The serving size is so big that I recommend sticking to one scoop of you normally can't eat much, however you will force yourself to eat it all! This ice cream is so creamy and amazing! They open at 7:30 in the morning! Ice cream for breakfast? YES PLEASE!", 4, 0], "GhoraYlNDD1oqTYTgYm_sA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/11/2018", "Purity ice cream is amazing! They have a lot of options (even vegan) and the staff is very helpful!", 5, 2], "guZ_zsX7wlSC_3Emv8QAfA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/5/2018", "Great flavors and great service. There was a long line when we got there but it moved super quickly. I was probably to the counter in less than five minutes, which is where you order and then you move to the pick up area. The staff was super friendly despite the super crowd and nice enough to let me try a flavor. I ended up getting green tea and cookie dough after dark. Both were delicious and the green tea actually tasted like green tea. I hate when they're more watery flavored than matchy. The cookie dough after dark was really creamy and the chocolate ice cream was great. My boyfriend got the mint hot fudge sundae special and loved it. He thought the brownie was very good. I definitely would love to try more flavors here and really respect how kind the staff is despite the mega line.", 5, 0], "kMEamQO-34me2ETsgLxkzw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/2/2018", "Never been disappointed by their ice cream! The flavors are unique and so delicious. It's always crowded and there's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Also love the freezer section with take home treats", 5, 0], "wAP7JSAIaI7erzOZhiCdCg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/25/2018", "People have been RAVING about Purity and I can see why. Good environment, tasty desserts (and creative ones too!), as well as friendly service. It's a recommendation from me!", 4, 0], "PWLa55EhT1KtHghOLqUdug": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/25/2018", "OMG it was amazing. I'm an ice cream snob and the cookie dough after dark (was that the name?) was about perfect. I wish I could have tried about 10 other flavors. YUM!", 5, 0], "HerXVQ19XeYInwfkbxW9cw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/22/2018", "One of the best ice cream places in Ithaca. Right up there with Sweet Melissa's, and better than Cornell Dairy. You'll have trouble making a flavor decision, but they're great about samples and combining flavors if you get a large enough container/cone. One of my favorite things to order is a mixed pint with 2-3 different varieties, which had helped me considerably on my quest to try every flavor!", 5, 0], "CUO7RiTfB0rCYpVEwOANSw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/22/2018", "It had been awhile since I last had Purity Ice Cream, but after recently having it, I remembered how delicious it was. For the quality of ice cream you are getting, the prices are well worth it. I am not sure what flavor to recommend because they are all so great and the have plenty of none dairy flavors as well!", 4, 0], "F6n5xI-uFUoX5yOn1LL7pw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/16/2018", "You might wonder why I am only giving this 3 stars rather than 4; it's because their customer delivery system needs major improvement! However with that little gripe out of the way, we had both great ice cream and an incredible slice of cherry pice a la mode. If you must have yummy ice cream, you can manage through the very tight parking lot and wait. I'd just like a nice smiling face to hand me my ice cream cone; it tastes better that way!", 3, 0], "Gz2l0W9kqKlXR5hR6an5dg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/15/2018", "Pure bliss on a 100\u00b0 day!! The Cookie Dough After Dark was my favorite, and the Sleeper's Awake coffee ice cream was also the perfect jolt needed on a summer afternoon. Like someone said, their chocolate tastes light and creamy. Love the ample indoor and outdoor seating, and the baked goods looked tasty enough to warrant a visit back. Portions are large- the junior size is the equivalent of a single scoop at most places. A must stop for anyone in the Ithaca area!", 5, 0], "ePZBcTfSN8aOgszjUbYYqg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/6/2018", "Visiting Ithaca for the day and needed an afternoon snack. Went here with my family. The ice cream was inexpensive, $10 and change for 3 ice cream sugar cones (1 junior and 2 single scoops). I had a single scoop of mint chip in a sugar cone. The mint chip was creamy and all the chocolate chips were finely chopped and mixed throughout the mint ice cream. The sugar cone was like all other cones except there was a paper wrapper on the cone that was challenging to remove; it's almost like they don't want you to eat the cone! Thankfully it wasn't too challenging as I removed the paper and ate all the ice cream!!I would come back but is no match to my favorite ice cream shop for mint chocolate chip ice cream!", 4, 0], "sTsb5TTL61dHLcgpZigc3A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/1/2018", "They ice cream ass, Im vegan, this shit taste like sugar goo and look like potato, I. I had kids, I wouldn't let them eat here. Summery :sad", 5, 2], "-9e07okkeHtsW8N0eJfv-w": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/1/2018", "This is THE BEST place for ice cream in Ithaca. They do a great brunch/breakfast on the weekends. Kids of all ages love Purity.", 5, 0], "1_hwVrey9v9VsRWcQMbvYg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/26/2018", "The brownie sundae with mint chip was delicious! Huge portion (couldn't not finish it myself). The brownie was warm, as was the fudge. The quality of the ice cream itself was great. You can tell it was homemade.", 5, 1], "44d7xPabXzFOSUQ9Ra7Ubg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/23/2018", "Ice cream was good. It was our first time there and we stood at the wrong end for quite some time for someone pointed out that's fine to us. And someone to point it out the sign was not an employee but another customer. Probably would've been standing out even longer.", 3, 0], "wR5TZPGp3cfchE-DOHWi1Q": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/17/2018", "An Ithaca favorite and tradition that never disappoints! We stop by a few times a week on summer evenings for dessert and take advantage of their indoor dining area to sit and chat. We also run into many friends and neighbors as this has become Ithaca's de facto city hall. Ice cream, pie, cookies and muffins are delicious! Breakfast and lunch has been spot on and inventive. The staff is always pleasant, helpful and quick, which helps with the long lines. Only recommendation - Purity may want to provide an office water cooler station with tiny paper cups. We dream of their flavors and can't wait to return.", 5, 0], "2NOGPwT3C_JD_Mxla-iyNw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/26/2018", "Ice cream did not taste good. brownie sundae also wasn't good. would save your calories.", 2, 0], "Tc-m0olW8fsG1ERyuUaWGQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/20/2018", "Ok if you want ice cream. Clueless when it comes to meals. Have been hoping it would improve, but there's something basically wrong with the concept. Shouldn't be a hassle to eat.", 2, 0], "TLhWA3KuTitW84VuCjORKw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/24/2018", "This place has a lot of history behind it, and it's a must for any visitors to Ithaca. I enjoyed my Madigan Mint and my husband swears by their black raspberry. The scoops are huge here (it's the sort of place where a scoop is a scoop + a top off) and a 2 scoop cup is a great size to split between two people", 4, 0], "ZkK3fKBni_dDcKPQEbCgWA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/27/2018", "Food: I haven't tried their breakfast, but I did try lunch once. I had the vegan ginger soy tofu. It was decent and everyone else at the table really liked their dishes. The prices were very reasonable for that too!Their ice cream is SOOOOOOOO GOOD! They have so many great flavors and toppings, including vegan stuff like soy ice cream and sorbet! The ice cream is homemade. They also have sundaes, shakes, cakes, cupcakes, and other sweet stuff!Service: It is often very busy, so it can be slow. Everyone who works there is super nice and helpful. If they mess up, they just make you a new ice cream.Atmosphere: In the main part where you order your ice cream, it is often so busy. A lot of the time, the line is long. In the ordering part of the place, there are nice colors and generally a good atmosphere, besides all the people. In the newest edition of the place, where you can sit to enjoy you're ice cream, it seems a little industrial, especially if you look at the ceiling. Nice bathrooms. There are light up sights that tell you when your ice cream is ready.Overall, this is a great place. Good food, good service, pretty good atmosphere, just a little busy sometimes.", 4, 1], "qMiB_OlLTT5uSxzi2Conhw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/8/2018", "I LOVE PURITY. One of my favorite things about moving to Ithaca was this gem. Always worth the long lines and wait time. I love the milkshakes since they are easy to take on the go. My favorite flavor is the sleeper's awake. A must-see/go when in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "g6sNESmduW83XSHEZ1C-XA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/5/2018", "Lots of delicious, unique flavors. Friendly service and a large, clean seating area. If you're in the area, you have to make Purity a stop on your list. The lines can grow long here, but move quickly as they usually have several hands helping out and move groups through fast. I've tried a couple different flavors, each more unique than the last. Definitely recommend trying Purity out!", 4, 0], "AnGb-aE41IKY2bhQrmkU3g": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/12/2018", "What a treat! I love taking my son her and any visitor I have. Amazing ice cream and fast service.", 5, 0], "TYM0sBcNyHOoG8GmT7ClDw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/8/2018", "Come to Purity for average ice cream and exceptional lines! The ice cream is good, portions big, and they have a huge selection of flavours, but not amazing enough to warrant the lines. In addition, the vegan ice cream is awful, nearly inedible. This is Ithaca in 2018, delicious vegan ice cream is easy to make and should be standard.", 3, 0], "Yxg0bzBL6TKqRkhQYjpDoQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/1/2018", "Interestingly, they offer several vegan flavors made by Chicago Soy Dairy, which you can also buy as fresh-packed pints and quarts. If you ask for a vegan sundae, tell them no hot fudge and no whipped cream; by whatever logic, a *soy* sundae comes complete with both of these dairy products. ::shrug:: The basic Hershey's chocolate syrup as well as the oreos are vegan, though!", 5, 1], "-0en49yvyNv0vEEUwW6vGg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/30/2017", "Someone told me this was the best ice cream in Ithaca so I went to check it out. Btw, saying something is the best anything in Ithaca isn't saying much because the food in this city sucks lol. Anyway, ice cream was OK. They do give you A LOT for the price you pay so one scoop is definitely more than enough. Would come back if I want ice cream, but only because I don't have too many other options.", 3, 1], "7SgCJYMFeOUzlQkRcz88uA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/30/2017", "When me and my family walked into purity's , there were people eating ice cream and enjoying themselves, even in the winter time. The mocha fudge and ice cream was delicious, as well as the mint chip ice cream. The service was good and the workers were extremely nice and helpful. I would definitely come again and I would recommend anyone who is visiting Ithaca to go to purity's.", 5, 0], "PBibX-Bk2k_8p3mrxkbpgg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/1/2017", "Have you ever seen the face of God at three in the morning when you are running on twenty minutes of sleep and twelve cups of caffeine and you think this is it. This is my low point. This is rock bottom. Where I either die or rise up from my sins and finally face what I've been hiding from my life and here I am. Am I a Phoenix from the ashes or a moth to the flame? Who am I and who will I be in this world and the next? Anyways their ice cream is very tasty.", 5, 3], "egU6cb6NW7XL7HCyO6ZzXg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/25/2017", "The breakfast was very good. We had the bananas foster and chai pancakes. The coffee is decent. They wouldn't seat us until all of our party was there which seemed weird since it's a casual spot. They also don't serve lunch on the weekends.", 4, 0], "U37XjnbuV-977udnmiQzxA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/2/2017", "Everyone needs to know about the WEEKEND BRUNCH offered at Purity. One of my favorite brunch spots in town, with incredible traditional brunch food for the sweet and savory lovers alike. Amazing potatoes, breakfast sandwiches are good, eggs are prepared perfectly, and I cannot say enough about their biscuits and \"jammie.\" They also offer speciality pancakes, and ways to include ice cream in your breakfast if you're into that. Cannot rave enough. Clearly have great ice cream, but everyone must go for brunch as well.", 5, 2], "9ONoueJbgX64_V3fMgNfCA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/22/2017", "You wouldn't expect a place that has only 2 months of summer to have a great ice cream shop, but purity is pure insanity. Entrepreneurship and a \u200bhigh percent of fatty goodness\u200b have\u200b propelled this local joint to a cult-like status. They even have their own brand of lip balm!!! Pro: They have so many flavors to choose from, and I got the Fingerlake Tourist, which has their signature chocolate ice cream with large chunks hazelnut and chocolate. The ice cream was creamy and not overly sweet, so I wasn't reminded about the risk of dietetics with every bite.Con: the place was overwhelmed by a mob of customers who were surprisingly\u200b calm while waiting for longer than 20 minutes to get their fix. It took me more than 15 minutes to get ONE scoop of ice cream. If you haven't visited Purity while in Ithaca, it's a matter of time before you get forced to go by your friends. I would recommend going at an absurd hour to avoid the hordes\u200b of people, but again, when is an absurd time for ice cream?", 4, 3], "m31xr20Lod1uAmWoVTNVgw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/21/2017", "An Ithaca classic - for a reason. The ice cream is delicious. They have all the classic flavors, and few unique ones. My favorite order is a mint chocolate chip milkshake with gimme! coffee in it. So so good.", 4, 0], "sXxXtSb0kNBz1nFQWq_6WA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/17/2017", "Let's face it folks -- it's not at the calibre that it was back in the day ... But still quite good though and totally do-able ...By the way, guys, what's the deal with the drinking water dispenser lately !?! ... A nice thing there always used to be having the ice cold water chaser when your palate was coated with the sugar and lactose ... Then earlier in the summer I noticed that it was room temp -- then the next time it was luke-warm ... Then this weekend it was practically boiling hot !!?!!!!???? ... Not quite how one wants to wash down one's sundae! ... Maybe get a plumber in?", 3, 1], "Yyhzf1eS_4WePxFjam2lcg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/5/2017", "It seems like any new place I visit, especially in the summertime, warrants a trip to an ice cream shop. So I couldn't possibly leave Ithaca without visiting their crazy popular Purity Ice Cream shop.This place looks like any other as your driving down the road. They've got a parking lot and picnic tables out front... but inside is nonstop ice cream action set in this modern version of a diner or malt shop.We fell into line and looked over the menu... b/c I couldn't decide between two flavors yours truly got two scoops, and let me tell you - two scoops is a lot of ice cream at Purity....First up was a scoop of Chocolate Peanut Butter - different than most cpb's I've had at other ice cream shops. I'm used to a chocolate ice cream that looks like chocolate, this version is light, I thought they gave me the wrong scoop before I took a bite and got that chocolate peanut butter combo. I missed having that rich chocolate flavor but there was plenty of peanut butter throughout.Second scoop: Goose Tracks - similar to the Moose Tracks of the world... vanilla ice cream w/ fudgy swirls and peanut butter cups. Another good one with plenty of swirls and pb cups.Two scoops + a milkshake were just under $10 and [as hinted to previously] very filling.3 stars for my first visit b/c I didn't love the chocolate peanut butter... and when Hubs ordered his milkshake they asked if he wanted vanilla syrup AND vanilla ice cream. Why do you need the syrup if you're using the ice cream? That seemed strange to me.. .", 3, 4], "9j7Xf4dqxLqrYbNG4ytQqg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/24/2017", "Brunch is one of my favorite things ever at Purity. Great ice cream, great omelets. The flapjacks are fantastic.", 5, 0], "mZjzCY8cc8LOrzBizTIA5A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/23/2017", "Child labor and no management. Came into the store tonight. After waiting for 10 minutes in line to order a quart of ice cream, had to wait another 25 to get it. After 20 minutes and hearing 6 orders after me called, I asked for refund. I was told the orders are not in order. Interesting. I was 1. Before me it was 99. After me were 2,3,4,5,6. All of them got their orders before I did. Perhaps management should pay attention to customers.", 1, 3], "EEUmpK-cQzMfcTQBe3njDw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/22/2017", "Creamy, delicious, filled with flavor and texture. Had scoops of Cinnamon and Madigan Mint. A delicious part of this healthy breakfast!", 5, 0], "9nvtbgONeCr-JNiiaQ1vWA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/21/2017", "I'm an ice cream fiend so I like to try the local fave when I'm on vacation or passing through. Purity was recommended to us by some local friends. A couple stars for the spacious interior and cute atmosphere, but the ice dream was pretty subpar in my opinion. It tasted like it was filled with air or ice - just generally not creamy or flavorful. I ordered something with peanut butter cups in it and there were like 2 in there, so a little skimpy with the mixings. Overall it was fine but I probably wouldn't return because the ice cream was nothing special, especially for the price. Also last note, they really should have descriptions of the non obviously flavors on the wall (not a laminated sheet at the register where you have to be ready to order) if they don't have a glass case to see them.", 2, 2], "q00jVs2dWM7esRjz3E-2uA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/12/2017", "Great place for breakfast. Broadridge selection of pancake and egg choices and prompt, responsive service. Gluten free options as well.", 4, 0], "bK74v_Rw9DdPLuGFgIHySw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/6/2017", "1.Madigan mint was on point, a nice chocolate mint flavor with the right amount of cookies pieces. 2. Chocolate peanut butter shake... it was pretty good, but definitely could have used more of both the chocolate and peanut butter. 3. Our pooch really enjoyed the doggie ice cream!", 3, 0], "ODb442WsIu51DRDWEDeTmw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/30/2017", "Agree with those who say not sure what all the fuss is about. Went with my family and ordered black raspberry for myself. Tasted like cheap bubble gum. Threw it away after one bite. My wife and toddler both cut their lips on the cheap and poorly manufactured plastic spoons (made from bio-degradable material) that we were given. After just a few bites our toddler's lip was bleeding. The lemon sorbet and chocolate ice cream were average. Portion sizes were obscenely large--even the so-called junior scoop would have been enough for two adults to share. To be fair, our toddler liked his chocolate ice cream, and the service was reasonable. Won't go back, though.", 2, 2], "MeVGVaqleY8wJZ4bm16j3g": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/26/2017", "Three words: Blueberry. Cheesecake. Muffin. One of the best ice creams I've had in my lifetime. My wife and I checked out Purity tonight and loved it. Unique flavors that you don't see anywhere else and friendly, fast service. The seating area was spacious but could have used more tables/chairs. Overall, top notch ice cream destination. Of note, my wife got the chocolate dipped strawberry and really liked it, but said she'd get the blueberry if she came back. My grandpa, who eats a bowl of strawberry ice cream every night at home before he goes to bed, was impressed with their version. Great place!", 5, 2], "5SYRdTp_cff5XhU2Nh0TTQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/19/2017", "Very good ice cream and desserts! Lots of flavors and fun, desserty vibe!", 4, 0], "IKKQ_CSIS8O7LTfa8L4ujw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/18/2017", "They have a decent selection of vegan options. I had the mint chocolate chip in a cone and my friend had a sundae. It would have been nice if they have more vegan options for the toppings to choose from. For example, I wish they had vegan whipped cream, but they do not. They also offer vegan milkshakes. If I'm in town again, I would come back and try another flavor.", 4, 1], "GMunsTATGPf88is5hA6btA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/18/2017", "SO GOOD!!! Shhhh keep it a secret. Service awesome, food homemade, just great all across.", 5, 0], "SpvXFD9kvp5AF4iE1y9Nrw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/17/2017", "So delicious! I recommend the chocolate covered waffle cone! We also came with a very large group and they were great!", 5, 0], "pnHXm4oL5ytmZUcZY7MZaA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/12/2017", "Not sure what all the fuss is about. Stopped in for an ice cream cone (mint chocolate) and it was mediocre at best -- you can get better at any supermarket.", 2, 2], "FEkh248V1Nve95jiUlxBJw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/6/2017", "I'm disgusted, and actually, 2 stars is generous. And I hate to do this, because I feel very loyal to the small businesses in the area. However, here goes: I've been here for ice cream many many times over the years, and it's a pretty solid 3 in that category. I think Purity ice cream tastes very bland. Having said that, today I bought the greek salad, given that I was picking up an ice cream cake (for which, btw, 4 days was not enough notice to be able to choose my own flavors, and not have to have one that was \"ready-made), and what a disgraceful lunch! 9 dollars for a salad that had literally 2 small brown olives, maybe ten pieces of red pepper, a smattering of onions, the tiniest pieces of cucumber, a teaspoon - at best, and I'm not exaggerating - of feta cheese, and a small mound of bagged lettuce. They dressed it for me (and I had asked that the dressing go on the side), and put it sideways in a paper bag that was drenched by the time I got to my office. And did I mention the salad was NINE DOLLARS? No thanks - never again. Not even for ice cream.", 2, 0], "X7WxGjH4tYd6vuRDzd3Eqg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/1/2017", "This rivals Cornell Dairy, plus there's more flavor options! They also accommodate half scoops, so that's nice. I've never really been disappointed here.", 5, 0], "zyuYbmXl4vKNJIaaFOHXGg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/28/2017", "Although there was a wait, it was way worth it. The Goose Trax was absolutely delicious- right amount of peanut butter and chocolate. I only got one scoop, and it was satisfying. Will definitely come back again.", 5, 0], "L4CDBvMqJOAHsg3iZvI3oA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/11/2017", "Best ice cream I've ever had! Love this place so much. I just wish that their staff was a little bit more personable, but I love the ice cream enough to look past the snobs that work there.", 4, 0], "Vl8Tj6k8BfwVJyAn3nn2Eg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/10/2017", "I visited Purity the night I graduated and regretted not coming sooner. It's got a great, authentic, classic New England ice cream parlor feel to it.The sundaes are bomb - at about $6, the portions aren't gigantic, but you reallllly don't need more ice cream that this and the quality is there. In my opinion, one of the sundaes is probably enough for two people. If you were to eat a sundae on an empty stomach, you would probably be 50-75% full.The brownie sundae is decadent, the hot fudge sauce has a rich deep chocolate flavor and the perfect texture. However, my top recommendation would be the apple crisp sundae with an order of walnuts on top. The quality of the vanilla ice cream itself is impeccable but the contrast with warm apple crisp and the walnuts makes it perfect. Ask them to go easy on the caramel sauce if you don't want it too sweet!Note: The are disposable cups and a water dispenser in the dining room - definitely take advantage of this to help you slowly savor your ice cream", 4, 1], "PcXtcgwSQCWiATQNRGmBEQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/8/2017", "I love purity!!! The ice cream is amazing- I strongly recommend the goose trax flavor. They have amazing brownie sundaes and so many options to choose from. The environment is fun and very family-friendly, and they even have shirts and other souvenirs to choose from. Only complaint is the pick-up system. You have to stand and wait for your ice cream to be called out, and it is sort of confusing when a lot of people are waiting around for their order.", 4, 0], "cJje-9JUfIO0JuHtsQbvFA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/13/2017", "Really 4.5. Loved all the many vegan choices! Pumpkin was outstanding. Triple threat vegan average, grainy and melty.Sugar free butter pecans needs pecans- only had four in a whole scoop.Nice location. Clean. Parking lot small.", 4, 0], "dRmqJdrFq7ThmoAC4Puhjw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/5/2017", "I went in for a nice scoop of ice cream and boy did I get my craving satisfied! I love their ice cream especially their Mint flavored one. I forgot what the exact name was, but it came out looking like chocolate, but as you bite into it, it became mint flavored! I love the environment here! Even if you are a local or a tourist, this is a great place to take family and friends. There is a large seating area and the prices are cheap! Go with what you like and you will expect greatness!", 4, 0], "xFmJQhTGkFRv1h-9DobCiA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/31/2017", "Love it, love it, love it ! Their renovations of a couple of years ago made a fine local tradition even better. Wife and I often stop there when we come to Ithaca from our home in Cortland. We really enjoy the outdoor seating in good weather.Love it, love it, love it !", 5, 0], "V5dNL2DVvBF68nfi2f0vbQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/29/2017", "I was craving something sweet after dinner, so my boyfriend and I went to Purity. What a disappointment! 1) Terrible, terrible service. The two employees saw us walk in and didn't greet us, even though we were the only people in the store! I wanted to ask them questions about some of the flavors but the employees were walking around (re-filling containers of ice cream, etc.) and didn't look up from what they were doing. No one asked if we needed help or wanted to taste any flavors. The employees didn't even make eye contact with us. Very unwelcoming and unapproachable. 2) Good luck trying to get free samples! They have a bunch of flavors, many of which I've never tried. But there's a tall, plexiglass wall between the customers and employees that runs the entire length of the counter, making it difficult for employees to pass you samples. You also don't interact with any employees until you reach the register, and by that point, there's other customers behind you and it's incredibly awkward holding up the line to try some samples. 3) The ice cream isn't good. I got the salted caramel flavor, and I could barely taste caramel. I even had my boyfriend try it, and he confirmed that it tasted like plain ice cream. The ice cream wasn't smooth--I tasted ice crystals. Even worse, they didn't mix the ice cream well, so some bites of my ice cream were extremely salty and others didn't have any salt at all. 4) They messed up people's orders! We were only in the store for 10 minutes, and while we were near the register, two different people came up to say that their ice cream was the wrong flavor or was missing toppings that they ordered. This below-average ice cream was not worth the hassle.", 1, 3], "-KrK33qkJs1RjLAQXl3Hew": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/11/2017", "VEGANS BEWAREThis place has been talked up as a great brunch option in ithaca, but don't be fooled. The portions are TINY compared to the price. The scrambled tofu is tasteless, the potatoes were undercooked, the pancakes are horrible, the \"English Muffin\" was a dinner roll, the coffee was weak, the hostess was snotty, and the wait was 30 minutes. I should not walk away from a $12 breakfast hungry, even if there is shitty food.", 1, 0], "JA-Nwp1rDCIa4v-fWGxsNg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/9/2017", "All their ice creams are just bomb. The BOMBBERRY is BOMB. That's all I got. Thanks guys", 5, 1], "CMcsYC_ud_OdGBWRr2753g": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/8/2017", "Great ice cream. They have a lot of variety and options for vegans. The place is very popular, but also has a lot of space to sit down. One of Ithaca's best.", 4, 0], "uX4wS8iQGjUgpTg9KpQoGw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/6/2017", "I am so done with Purity and it is all Breakfast's fault. Firstly, it is horrendously loud in there. And this is coming from someone who regularly attends punk shows. It's so loud in side Purity that I nearly screamed. Perhaps waiting an hour for my food would have been less torturous if the noise level was tolerable. The space seems to be constructed in the worst possible way for noise.Secondly, breakfast is so poorly organized and the service is so terrible that I've never seen the wait for a table be less than 30 minutes. We waited 30 minutes to be \"seated\" then another 30 to receive our food. The entire time we were in the dining area, there were 4-5 open tables, with 10 or more people still waiting to be seated. Why are so many people waiting so long when there are open tables?!There's always a long wait, but there is no good place to wait. No chairs. People were sitting on the floor. It's not clear if there is table service. They have a weird system where you have to wait to be given a table number, then order at the counter and sit at an assigned table. There are people milling about the dining area like they are wait staff, but it's not clear to me whether they are wait staff. We were given small glasses of water by one person and never received refills. I saw 3 separate people get up and take water pictures off service trays so they could serve themselves. There was no indication that this was encouraged, and later I saw a staff person filling some people's water glasses, but we never received help. Is it supposed to work like Ithaca Bakery or Panera Bread where you order and take care of yourself? If so, why are we all waiting so long to be \"seated\"?!There used to be indoor seating for Ice Cream customers. They did away with that when they expanded to serving food. There is now only outdoor seating during meal times. So there are always confused ice cream eaters sitting in the assigned tables that you have to displace. Breakfast ends at 1PM on the weekends. I've come in several times in the past year trying to eat. Every time some uninterested young staff person tells me that there's a really long wait and they probably won't get to me by the time breakfast is over, because there's always a million people waiting.I don't get the impression that a single person working here has any restaurant experience. Or that the owners are interested in improving the dining experience. They easily could make more money if they could turn over tables more efficiently, because so many people walk away due to the long waits. What's truly unfortunate is that the food was really fantastic tasting. I really enjoyed my pancake, potatoes and egg. The coffee was very good. I was so hungry and angry by the time the food came that I could have screamed. No one would have heard me though, because it's really that loud in there. I won't be returning, ever. This was really one of the most unpleasant dining experiences I've had.", 1, 7], "6fDA97WWTTssI7VAe60KCQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/25/2017", "Let me start by saying, this seems like a nice place for the college kids here as a late night hangout. Unfortunately, I had the chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream, which #1 was not very good, and #2 had only one piece of cookie dough in the entire scoop. My wife got one of the peanut butter brownies, which was also relatively dry and not very good. Service was also quite slow.", 1, 1], "ALmlcVBWkGL87Zzf1i05qw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/20/2017", "Sweet and tasty ice cream with a lot of tastes. Definitely big in size, even with the junior scoop. It gets pretty crowded at night, even during the winter time. So be prepared for 5-10minutes wait for parking and the ice cream. Offers free tab water.", 4, 0], "WzxZgQT-skIdi_PwkJheUA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/19/2017", "I love this place. I had vegan soy mint and French vanilla ice cream scoops. This place gets a gold star for friendly service.", 4, 0], "TjbT6GnhgrznHD2sLhBSpg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/20/2017", "What is the attraction to this place? Every flavor and type of ice cream I have tried is just plain bland. I can get better ice cream in any convenience or grocery store.", 2, 0], "OlkO0sLm8epvvVwBJLkhAQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/4/2017", "Go for the ice cream, which is pricey but OK. They are open late but you don't get to eat there after a certain time (nobody bothered to tell us that as we sat waiting for service). If you want exciting ice cream, take a few minutes and drive south on Rt. 13 to Dennis' Ice Cream in season.", 3, 1], "22isyc047bVlOGI4NbVCvg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/3/2017", "Open late. Staff was patient with first-timers' questions. Great ice cream and excellent lemonade - super fresh, not too sweet.", 4, 0], "duVVORpZ-hScIeu19zubSA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/29/2016", "went here when i first visited Ithaca in the summer! the ice cream was really good, and it's nice that they also serve breakfast sometimes.", 4, 1], "dHo_6grAYEyYPFzD-hh1yQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/22/2016", "When coming to Ithaca, Cornell Dairy often steals the show but after having both, I cast my vote for Purity. There are so many different flavor combinations here that it can be hard to choose, especially when the line is so long that you feel pressure to not really sample. I was fortunate enough to come at a pretty odd time at night, and try a few of the flavors before picking. The ice cream was super creamy and less sweet than ice cream I've had elsewhere, which I really enjoyed. They also have yogurt varieties if you're feeling less indulgent.", 5, 1], "X5Jke5ZSjgXfI_5lbXiG_Q": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/4/2016", "One of my favorite places in Ithaca! Even though they usually have long lines they will let you try anything because they have some unusual flavors. My favorite is the yogurt-based flavor with peanut butter! I always get a waffle cone. You can get one scoop and still get two different flavors, which is great for me because two scoops is always way too much. I haven't tried anything other than their ice cream but the baked goods always look tasty! The staff is super friendly and super speedy.", 5, 0], "yykFVT_ZlSfawlDy0FKQOw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/29/2016", "A little pricey, but good stuff! I love the Sleepers Awake (coffee/chocolate) flavor, and their fun dipped cones. Plenty of outdoor seating.", 4, 0], "DgwSswaEp0vHN7ex3e2hBg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/23/2016", "First time here. Wanted to sample 2 flavors since I don't know what's good and couldn't decide. Lady working there was rude and unhelpful. I'm sorry if I wanted to sample the green tea...Ended up ordered 2 scoops on a waffle cone. Tasted like Dryers ice cream. Not impressed. Would not return.", 3, 2], "pA68q_XurEWozhlJDDVo9A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/20/2016", "Awful, Bad, RudeThey gave me a hard time because I use the help of a service dog, Never before I have been treated this way.My dog is trained, licensed, clean, very well behave.", 1, 1], "ZTMyakpftVenHfcaXauQnQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/1/2016", "Superb ice cream, no doubt. Many classic flavors as well as some house combinations such as Sleepers Awake, coffee ice cream base with chocolate fudge and chocolate chips.  I am told that at peak times there is a long wait, which would be annoying; but we visited on a Wednesday evening in September, so there was no line whatsoever.I do have to say that their format is irksome to a person who might like to sample a few flavors before settling on a single cone which approaches four dollars. But if you're a local, I imagine that you could solve that problem by trying many flavors over repeat visits. If only...", 4, 5], "qiCet2J4HeotrL7oyKdCoA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/28/2016", "Wow! I've never had ice cream so smooth, light, and creamy (caveat: I'm from the South, so it may just be a lack of dairy appreciation in my upbringing). Flavor is natural and does not taste artificial. One scoop here could be one and half scoops elsewhere. Not a fan of chocolate in general, so I went with butter pecan and strawberry, both of which are great. Hope to come back one day.", 5, 0], "KHazYXFGdpDsbDM3fWmNaQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/14/2016", "I absolutely love this place and their ice cream cakes are the best!! I have only one suggestion (as I know they are expanding) and that would be to sell ice cream cake slices or at least bring back the \"ice cream cake ice cream\" flavor. I brought my friend there who was visiting with me from California and I raved about Purity--and it was our last stop on the Ithaca tour before heading to the airport and buying a whole cake for her and I just wouldn't work. So, for the future, consider offering slices!! I bet they would be a big hit! This place is the best, regardless!!", 4, 1], "UgS4V9JaXQ1_nqr5idpnrQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/5/2016", "The ice cream was creamy and flavorful, though the waffle tasted a little stale. I tried cookie-n-cream and boomberry! Both are great, but 2 scoops can be hardly finished one person!", 4, 0], "wN9yIIN1bLwCnGlZm-PX8A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/4/2016", "Great bang for your buck! I got so much ice cream for the price I paid. I had the Chocolate Raspberry Truffle and Sea Salt Caramel on a waffle cone - amazing!", 4, 0], "9qhbzPfXf-K6A19XJ2haww": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/4/2016", "RUDE EMPLOYEES. My boyfriend and I ordered a sundae a la carte and each time I asked for an item, the employee rolled her eyes. At the end she said in a rude tone \"that's a sundae.\" When I received my sundae with the receipt, she circled the order and wrote \"OMG.\" If this is how purity treats its customers, I will never return. Unacceptable!", 1, 10], "YK5kDSFkMJ7Tf9FHX7323A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/4/2016", "Still good, but I think they changed their biscuit recipe. Not as tasty, in my opinion.", 4, 1], "mBIHFIjq2yl9DXUxseb0fA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/27/2016", "This place is awesome. Bloom Berry is a really good flavor!! There are a lot though... You can't go wrong. The line gets long but they have an interesting order system which helps it move fast. This is another place that you must go to. The scoops are HUGE. They also have vegan options which is really cool. Get two scoops and try two flavors. You'll also be so full but it's so worth it and yes it's worth the wait!!!!", 5, 1], "6gq2xtF2ZGZBsyoOv8ocyg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/24/2016", "Delicious ice cream with a nice and relaxed setting. Their ice cream is quite inexpensive and they have a relatively diverse menu to order from.", 5, 0], "7zsJnWAyYNQEhavJNl92zA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/23/2016", "Very nice high quality ice cream. Gotta eat it while it was warm outside!! Great creative flavors to choose from. Plenty of seating available. Anything with Chocolate in it was perfect!", 4, 0], "V8c2psF3U6qkfRR5dWO7CA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/1/2016", "Great place! They have a large variety of ice creams and different kinds of cones. They offer gluten free cones and vegan ice cream. Even with large volume of customers, ice cream is served very quickly. Cashiers are nice and friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to friends.", 4, 0], "O1SXkiKullxVZaI7u4UDhA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/31/2016", "Great ice cream, with lots of different options (even vegan flavors!). The old-fashioned feel of the shop is pretty great. Lots of outdoor seating too! A nice spot to visit, especially if you are just visiting Ithaca and want a taste of something local.", 5, 0], "SYHRs60xJRvfdF7CIh2hBw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/29/2016", "Yum! Everything is great here! Pie, ice cream, cupcakes!", 5, 0], "jjtApFJr7CZuUgG05kxNnA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/29/2016", "Purity Ice Cream has recently been updated, and wow! What a beautiful update! The ice cream is still delicious with more combinations and possibilities than most people could get through in a lifetime. The new larger facility is just what was needed. Do not be daunted by long lines, it goes quick. By the time you figure out what you want, you will be at the head of the line and placing your order. There is now plenty of seating in the new spacious dinning room! I hear they now serve breakfast and can't wait to give it a try.", 4, 0], "gBrlSpifgvXlA0EFw2MGIA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/25/2016", "This place kinda needs two entries one for the ice cream, for which I stand by my three star rating, and one for the breakfast they added, which is fresh and delicious and deserving of 4 stars !", 4, 1], "ZxmlBS3WojzI-PMmO0u07A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/22/2016", "What a great place. I've been coming here for years. So many options, even vegan, and great staff. My friend did get really sick once from a soy shake, but that's the only bad experience I've ever had here.", 4, 0], "1NHzuWH9ij3_oDhxywzI9w": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/20/2016", "Ice cream is my favorite food group! I am very particular about my choices. This place has very excellent ice cream and I especially love the coconut flavor. It's not the best coconut I've ever had, but it comes close. It's a great place to go after the theatre or movie. The only problem is that the lines are very long, but that just indicates how many people love the place.", 4, 0], "6Xkxz4edWwNFiIs-eiIEag": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/4/2016", "Purity is the most classic and popular place in Ithaca to go for ice cream. Their flavors are awesome and always delicious. All Cornell students must go to Purity before their time in Ithaca is done!", 5, 2], "u0g3PPi6-iBMUl0wS6enFA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/3/2016", "The Sea Salted Caramel is the OMG!  I am a foodie and this stuff is addictive.  So beware!  They make their own ice cream. Yum!  Insane yummy!", 5, 0], "aZ7Csk4j5zEi_cj8ES-UAw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/2/2016", "Worst Service In Ithaca I went there around 10 am on Saturday for just ice cream. Have 1 group of 10 people ahead of me with 10 minute to wait on line. They are still making decision and not order, yet.(Why server not asked them to let me order first, if they are not order, yet?) Then a lot of people getting come in, so cool them down and they getting order, It take around 10 minute for this process. Then after I ordered, normally I will wait for my ice cream, but because the former group, order a lot of food and drink, and the food that just ready are only drink ordered such as coffee and tea, I wait another 5 minute. Then I sit down in the breakfast dining room for wait for my order, another 5 minute and drinking some water that has on the table, then the room just getting busy, and server come and tell me to moved out because table is for the breakfast customer only. I dont mind to moved out, but the way they treated me is very rude and unprofessional. Then I moved back to wait by the counter, and wait another 5 minute, look what ice cream I got, it's very ugly and look not a normal purity standard, I ordered crisp apple sundae with vanilla ice cream with mashmellow sauce and chocolate sauce, but the portion is look to strange and sauce fall down and they have to use double cup to hold the portion. Then I just simply finished the ice cream at the table in front of the purity and very disappointed with their service. Surely, I can find many of the better places around for lunch and dinner and definitely not be back because I am not satisfied with the way they treat customer and many other places around do it better.", 1, 5], "dnEsICoR6zPHrqDi-nTHLg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/2/2016", "Ice cream was very affordable for the size. One scoop honestly all you need. Its about the size of 3 normal scoops. They have a variety for every one and even have non dairy and vegan options. Ice cream is very creamy and very good.  Can eat inside or outside with a very nice atmosphere.", 4, 0], "aSOmXOoePWgk5DWd8gQIZA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/2/2016", "Delicious ice cream. Tons of variety, not just in flavors but in dessert options as well. They have sundaes, ice cream sandwiches, shakes, brownies and even cupcakes. We got a brownie sundae and devoured it in seconds. Just be aware that it is the most popular ice cream location in Ithaca so the line gets long and indoor seating gets tight.", 4, 0], "4kiVvr7WTTUPQVCG04MPlg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/29/2016", "Vastly overrated.Lines way too long, and after finally getting to the cashier, I had to wait another 30 minutes to get an ice cream cone (no joke). For this fact alone I look back with a longing for Purity before the renovation (the first renovation was good, the second one not so much). It used to be a place to stop by quickly to grab a cone of ice cream. Now .. I don't know what it is.I read a review below that they have good breakfast with vegan options and I haven't tried that yet so this review does not pertain to their breakfast service. But I disagree with the reviewer about the decor! It used to be (at least) a cute little place with a touch of old days where plastic was not as ubiquitous, but now the place looks like a fast-food joint or those boxed diners like Denny's. Tables are spaced out in a weird way - it reminds me of a college cafeteria or something.There are many selections of ice cream flavors but like I said before nothing really interesting. They have five or so (or more) each of different kinds of chocolate or coffee themed flavors and frankly I can't tell the difference. A local ice cream parlor of Ithaca I wish would strive for innovative flavors - all natural, organic, non-GMO, amazing local flavors that beg for more. I would go to Melissa's now - I really can't spend half an hour + just for a cone of ice cream.", 2, 3], "e85vYQOrkOEL7ENfCW-4XA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/29/2016", "Pretty good ice cream. We shared a banana split here on a very busy graduation afternoon. Very large, good quality ice cream. Also the place is large enough that even when there is a lot of foot traffic, there is place to sit and the lines are reasonable.", 4, 0], "yykMNrj3cuuzmMW8KpBJTw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/19/2016", "I'm very pleasantly surprised by this little place. Not only do they offer vegan ice cream, but it's very homey. Purity is reminiscent of a small town ice cream bar (it IS in a small town, so no surprise) and it's also surprisingly cheap! For $5, you can get 3 scoops that more resemble 6 scoops. When I went, the line was very long and there were a lot of people; quite a popular place.I got the coffee and cookies and cream flavored, and they in no way lost to Haagen dazs. Just the right amount of creaminess; would definitely recommend!!", 5, 0], "Hm1dxKMX1QutphyQWpfMJA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/10/2016", "You can't go wrong with Purity ice cream. My favorite flavors are chocolate debris and peppermint. If you want to share a sundae, get the mint madness or cookie sundae. Delicious! Haven't tried lunch here yet, but I may soon.", 5, 0], "9cOqe9ywfWu2z3Ep4Rl6PA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/28/2016", "A recent visit confirmed my criticisms of previous visits, low flavor ice cream with too much overrun and relatively slow service. The location is nice and the interior is nice, but the ice cream isn't worth the calories.", 2, 1], "U-YK-1bcauHGQUSdonz9JQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/20/2016", "At least these guys are friendly, and the ice cream taste good. Not only do they sell good tasty ice cream, they also recommend new stuff to try...", 5, 0], "0DM_ucauqLxhqzLfuPnH4A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/16/2016", "Breakfast: Ordinary diner food in smaller portion. Did I mention it's super slow? Some servers don't seem to realize they are serving food at tables not scoping ice cream. If they are serving food at tables, the servers need to be trained accordingly.Ice cream: It's just an ice cream place. Nothing special about the flavor. There's high variance as to how much ice cream you will get depending on the mood of the person who scoops your ice cream.Service: there were several occasions I felt a server was rude whether I was getting ice cream or food. I don't know what criteria Purity uses to hire their employees but the service is sub-par.", 1, 1], "rPjYK7oRbYUq-xQ7NTHSYw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/29/2016", "Excellent ice cream, pies and muffins. A good place to stop by for a sweet treat. So nice that it is locally owned.", 5, 0], "skOhr6FT04J26qF7qST9JA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/25/2016", "Absolutely delicious and they certainly didn't skimp on the portions! Tried various selections of chocolate ice cream and the non-ice cream lover went with the pie and thought it was the best she ever had.", 4, 0], "Nv9Em1rY0_ob2hbJQ0Rj8Q": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/25/2016", "Thank you Purity for doing brunches & now lunches with plenty of vegan options! We've made it here for brunch quite a few times but today was our first day being in town for their new weekday lunches. I'm happy to say about 1/2 of the menu is vegan, including the onion rings. We tried the Teriyaki Seitan sandwich, Vegan Happy bowl, fries & onion rings. All were delicious & made with fresh ingredients. The service is always friendly & helpful. Decor is bright, open & sparkling clean. Will be back many times over the summer.", 5, 3], "W3xgML2c_0KQM_Y3Ub3dfg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/21/2016", "Well the line in this place was long.The service was slow. Could have saved some time and bought some ice cream at the grocery store. Selection was MEH and the taste was o.k. i guess. Don't let the crowd fool you it was ok but not worth the wait. Just as good places here and there around the area.", 3, 0], "V-MHmmlqY8yiMbXAe5AudQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/19/2016", "Good ice cream. Apple pie with vanilla ice cream was very good. Overall nothing extraordinary but solid.", 4, 5], "hkvWhOVDBHL1IxNNevarHA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/15/2016", "nice place. Service very slow not employees fault, just understaffed. Could take 15-20 minutes for a milkshake if 4 people are in line. Usually only 1 person filling ice cream orders.", 3, 0], "2ixnoK85aPAiJ0xqxeDwPA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/27/2016", "Don't get me wrong, this is a great ice cream parlor. That being said holy crap that brunch was amazing. Delectable English muffins, homemade jams, wonderful coffee & fast service. I'll be back", 5, 0], "gGST3vs6Z3VYKPFhkIFv1g": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/21/2016", "hard to find a better ice cream shoppe... original, homemade flavors PLUS homemade cakes/pies available to really spike your blood sugar.", 5, 0], "ihR5lfiH6j4PHmx7aygs2w": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/19/2015", "We made the ultimate BRUNCH MATRIX to determine the Best Brunch in Ithaca, and these guys have the best brunch in town in almost every category. Great food, really quick service, you cannot beat the price, they have fresh squeezed OJ, great regular coffee, terrific menu selection, the BEST breakfast potatoes in town, best muffins ever, homemade English muffins (not an easy task), easy parking, and we've never had to wait for a table (ha, I am guessing that last one will change). AND there's ice cream :-)The only places where Purity lost any points: No booze, no free breakfast breads basket (Coltivare and Agava have really good ones), and the espresso drinks are lacking (if that's what you're craving and you're willing to wait and park far away, Carriage House is definitely the place to go). Purity does counter/table service, which I love as it's extremely efficient, but it's certainly not \"fancy\" if you want to be waited on.The first few times I went, there were a ton of little problems. Not surprising as the brunch service is very new to them. But, I was amazed by how quickly everything was addressed (often noticed the owner working hard with the crew). Unlike some other places in town that just can't get it together, these guys quickly took care of any/all issues, and now they are the best brunch in town (by far!).", 5, 0], "-XLIKXRISVM0AGhAl6NDnA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/26/2015", "Delicious! I had the \"Blueberry Goat Cheesecake Muffin\", and wowzas was it good. Super creamy with chunks of muffin. Not too sweet either. Plenty of seating available. You can ask them for samples if you are having trouble deciding (I did this for the cheesecake and the raspberry chocolate truffle and the former won hands down!)I recommend getting the kiddie scoop in a chocolate waffle cone. It was just the right amount of ice cream for me.", 5, 4], "qkf1lXhH5ynKTc2rd-JQqg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/19/2015", "A little on the pricey side for ice cream, but a good alternative to Cold Stone. Delicious sundae options: hot cookie or brownie topped with ice cream.", 4, 0], "kNJ0JtTCLEKY7_NhqzlhFg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "10/12/2015", "L-o-v-e Purity! It's always a stop whenever we're in town. The mint chip is, hands down, my favorite: green (as it should be) with thousands of slivers of chocolate. I also tried Chocolate Debris (a must if you like chocolate with a side of chocolate), Madigan mint and pretzel logic. Probably wouldn't get the pretzel again, but the Madigan mint was so good--chocolate mint ice cream with Oreos.", 5, 0], "SQt7Se-rRe5lzNXZkxh-Fw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/21/2015", "worst crap ever. far toos weet, no taste but sugar. hated it becaus there were no nonfat or sugarfree flavors. i dont care if its all natural, its a bad place for those on a diet. also, rude attitude when i asked about gluten ingredients and also fat free. my order was also screwed up never again!", 1, 1], "QFg5SnFbk2rUmZAMuIS1aA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/14/2015", "I love Purity! I just went back after the expansion and it is better than ever because finally I can get my ice cream and not fear that it will spill over/melt before I get a chance to eat it! With the nice seating area in the back, your ice cream fears can be put to rest as there is now ample seating for you and your frosty treat. I got one of the fancily named flavors which was a praline ice cream with chocolate covered praline pecans and it was fantastic. I have also had their chocolate ice cream with peanut butter cups which was also delicious, but I wish it had more peanut butter! That's always my problem though!", 4, 1], "kkLtuq3LDUJ6t4XEUxLESw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/12/2015", "First time in Ithaca this past 4th of July and truly enjoyed my weekend! I have an obsession with Butter Pecan ice cream my FAVORITE!! Their organic hand carved butter pecan was out of this world! Creamy, sweet, lots of organic fresh pecans topped off with whip cream was truly a sinful moment! So good!!!", 5, 0], "jYCAWqKPVgLJV9Wl_YB8PA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/7/2015", "Purity is nothing short of amazing. My favorite ice cream place in Ithaca and has been for 7 years. With a wide variety of flavors and options to choose from, you will always find something that suits you. I had the Apple Crisp Sundae with French vanilla ice cream. Delicious. There's nothing I like more than Apple crisp unless it's topped with ice cream. 5 stars every time.", 5, 0], "7sI-Fwtd1mIhGM-A62Ding": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/31/2015", "I love purity! This was my first time back since the expansion, and its beautiful addition! I took a group of out of town friends to taughanock state park and we got some ice cream for the drive home. Everyone got something different, and everyone loved it! I got the pumpkin praline (I was feeling fall-ish) made into a milkshake (I was also the driver). It tasted like a brisk creamy fall day in my mouth. #loveit #putthatoneverythang Purity ice cream is always a good idea, always!", 4, 0], "aM0-HfSeUhGTrIBcGv1r0g": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/30/2015", "Fun menu. Great for kids. This location seems new or just remodeled. Easy to get in and out of.", 5, 0], "Q1iAWuMHAHS9vVI2BZ52UQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/28/2015", "I enjoy the unique flavors. But it's not as creamy and fresh tasting as the ice cream at the Cornell Dairy Bar. It's open late, so it works for ice cream cravings later in the evening.", 3, 0], "cm73kYOLv-a5vJaCWMEevA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/21/2015", "I have always loved Purity and was so disappointed when I thought I could no longer eat there due to lactose intolerance. To my amazement they have the most delicious mint chip soy ice cream! Also, they have gluten free ice cream cones for my daughter! It's rare we can find a place that we can both enjoy a treat. Thanks Purity!", 5, 0], "aWglRnouXTTw-vYqhCDG-Q": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/19/2015", "Great stop. Great options. Very affordable treat. They even had vegetarian options. The only thing that was sad was finding out they no longer make the ice cream in house. Also, the parking lot was a little hairy, but other than that I highly recommend for an end of day treat.", 4, 0], "7DRNgiYkUidjGx4XeHGtvw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/19/2015", "\"Sleepers Awake\" THE BEST ICECREAM combination around!Coffee + Chocolate Fudge?? Ummm HELLO!Loved it! Great big place, super friendly staff, tons of options, and yummy ice cream. What more could I ask for? WIN!", 5, 2], "ZDI6ZvcQheO-YDpdvleLyQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/15/2015", "Cute decor. OK ice cream....It's not a good sign that I don't remember what flavor I got...and I am someone that dreams about ice cream. I would probably go back though if I was in the Ithaca area again.", 3, 1], "hLkMWUuAMq-H-sWSBsV-NA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/13/2015", "Yummy. Great place to take kids and one of our favorite treats. Love the cookies and cream!", 4, 0], "IizEZcbDgHLU63BYzt44Ww": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/8/2015", "Fave place to stop while in town! Great ice cream flavor a-- love the way they grind chips into their ice cream (mint, vanilla, chocolate, mocha...) it's finely ground delicious chocolate flecked throughout! My maple nut chocolate ice cream soda was a perfect ratio of drink to ice cream and everyone drooled all over my ordering it after they ordered their cones and cups! Forgot to take pics of it all because we were slurping everything up in rapture :)Next time! Come and enjoy! Great shirts and sweatshirts too :)", 4, 0], "TMK8QxXptzyhOmHn35-ymA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/6/2015", "A must-visit place for ithaca tourists. Great variety of ice creams, friendly staff and lots of room to enjoy!!", 4, 0], "ges8nGm17Pld0HmnM1ELlA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/29/2015", "Generous portions and their soy flavors are amazing!! Giving four stars only because the staff can be rude/unfriendly sometimes.", 4, 0], "0K8moj8LQgwCE7bz2oaqmA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/24/2015", "O-M-G, so much to choose from and so many good things. My heart was leaping for joy for this lovely place!They have wonderful ice cream for people of different palates. The lines can be long but it's worth it and they have a great system of taking orders and picking up. I was sad I didn't notice the brownie sundae until after I already paid for my cone. I went simplistic and ordered a scoop of the chocolate bliss and the mint Oreo chocolate [I knew I should have written the names down but it's pretty self-explanatory]. Now, the way you say the scoops can be deceiving! You can order a single scoop with two flavors or \"two scoops\" and choose two different ones. The sizes are VERY different. We found this out when I ordered and a friend ordered after me, we both said it differently and got different sizes! The blueberry cheesecake is delicious as well, the blueberries are so rich and you can really taste them in the ice cream.When you order, you get a number and at the other end they call out the number as it's made. They are just that busy. Indoor and outdoor seating, it was way too hot out when we came to visit to sit outdoors. Next time: brownie sundae.A must visit, especially with kids!", 5, 1], "4Ip0JR_hDnaTqEBsojuzMQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/15/2015", "Purity had some amazing ice cream. After a nice hike, there was nothing like detouring to set foot in Purity for some delicious home made custard. Apparently this place has been around in Ithaca for almost 100 years! Well, count me among their raving fans; this ice cream was delicious!Highly recommend the cherry flavor (did not like the Almond Joy as much). I got it on one of the delicious specialty cones. 1 scoop is more than enough and they are willing to do 1/2 scoops of each flavor. Pro-tip: If you're in a hurry, opt out of the milkshakes as they make them last. It took a little while for us to get our ice cream, but it was worth the wait and not too pricey for 1 scoop on a cone. Place has long lines on nice days, so plan ahead!", 5, 4], "6F4-0rDX0Mypx7Ir1_-viw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/13/2015", "Great ice cream and a great value. I got salted caramel (amazing) and my wife got rainbow sherbet (very refreshing). Single scoop for both was only $6.00 and it was really two scoops worth in each cone. They also had convenient cone carriers for large groups. Highly recommended!!", 5, 0], "km-Ak2j62RFo-PWGzk9uzQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/7/2015", "This place was awesome! I was in Ithaca for the first time and was amazed with how many flavors they had. It took a little while to get our ice cream, but that's understandable with how great the product is. Tried a Raspberry Chocolate Truffle flavor and a Salted Caramel. Delicious. They also have a neat outdoor area to sit outside with your companions.", 5, 0], "7AfNFyPGss_bd5Q9_WAunQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/28/2015", "Purity has the most incredible staff and owners you will ever meet. I once requested a coffee float off-menu, which had never been done before, but they found a way to get me my hot coffee and cold ice cream together in the same cup without a melty mess. It was like magic! And then, on a day we had walked over in a snowstorm only to find it closed early due to weather, the owner who was locking up ran in and grabbed us ice-cream sandwiches on the house for our trouble. Oh yeah, and their ice cream is DELICIOUS.", 5, 1], "n8-1wmmcDOkiJfyhGovktw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/17/2015", "Massive scoops at very reasonable prices. I got a scoop of peppermint, which was pink with blue-green pieces of peppermint candy, so that was fun.", 5, 0], "aXOIl8cWXRBmp131pAk_oA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/14/2015", "I'll start off by saying that I'm not a big dessert or ice cream fan. I will say that when eating ice cream, the bar is set at purity. I've never not had something there that I didn't enjoy. I recently enjoyed their mint Oreo ice cream which was delicious! Seating outside can be hard to come by, but when that happens I just lean on my car and enjoy the happy atmosphere that always surrounds this Ithaca staple. If you want a delicious, hard ice cream cone - look no further!", 4, 0], "3RQiA17ZzM0lcFyfhTPjEw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/13/2015", "Awesome breakfast! Great pancakes and real maple syrup. Unique and fancy pancakes served in family friendly and casual atmosphere. Finally a breakfast place in ithaca!", 5, 1], "gLRusts_3_t7KND-WnETdw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/19/2015", "So fantastic. Every time I come here it is bustling with a happy energy and sugar laden faces. We enjoyed a peanut butter and chocolate waffle cone, and a delectable apple crisp sundae. I have truly enjoyed the new seating and decorations. Always awesome", 5, 0], "UA_lF0B5MKd7ysgmDr2tOA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/29/2015", "The breakfast menu is a great addition to this ice cream shop. My daughter got a chocolate chip pancakes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. They put it in a cup on the side and we dumped it on top of the warm pancakes as it should've been. I had A breakfast sandwich complete with a housemade English muffin served with some crispy spinach and it was very good. It came with some house made fruit spread which I put on the sandwich and it made it awesome. Don't miss that option! I even heard that the vegan breakfast was delightful. They had vegan and gluten-free options throughout the menu. There were some construction noises outside which were very loud but hopefully ending soon. Also, you order at the counter and then sit down. I was really glad that I brought cash for the waitress but if you don't, you will need to tip prior to the meal.", 4, 0], "V5a5AYGyyuKwiiGPLclZVw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/28/2015", "We had heard the buzz about Purity staring to serve breakfast so on a whim (ok it was after the gym) we dropped in on what turned out to be opening day. First, let me say we can't wait to come back. The menu is deceptively simple. It is well laid out and after a moment you realize that just like an ice cream parlor you can build anything. I had a delicious single oatmeal pancake with real maple syrup (only $1.25 extra-very reasonable) and a scrambled egg and a delicious mug of coffee. My partner in gastronomy ordered the vegan sunrise, which contained the best tofu and kale scramble she ever had, wonderful potatoes, a homemade English muffin to die for, homemade ginger peach jam and their homemade ketchup. Service was excellent. You order through the ice cream line and everything is brought to your table.  There were many other dishes (other pancakes, including a potato pancake with lox, French toast, pastries, and of course ice cream add ons) that will alas have to wait until another day. Lots of parents and kids, and I expect students to show up after spring break. They're serving breakfast from 7:30 to 1:00 Saturday and Sundays only. We will be here again soon.", 5, 0], "ONRe1Vqjaon-vDMDBAs-zA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/22/2015", "This place helps get me through the tough winters in Ithaca. My default is an almond joy soy milkshake. Good stuff.", 5, 0], "L0hUmdDYd_ttpr5lQGKPxA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/21/2015", "i like this place and will definitely keep stopping in when i'm in the mood for ice cream in ithaca. service has always been good and the place is nice and clean. the parking lot is under construction right now so parking is kind of a mess, but i'm sure that'll be fixed soon enough. i haven't been blown away with any of the ice cream i've had there but it's pretty good. the apple crisp sunday is great, definitely try that. they have good baked goods too, make sure to try the cashew bar. 3.5 stars", 3, 2], "gX9wsZ0l8bI2cagGCb9GPA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "2/7/2015", "This is our favorite location when something needs to be celebrated. Ice cream is great - kids and grown-ups alike love it.", 5, 0], "-A98Id03M4M9a9fuGmvxAQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/7/2015", "Staff here is always wicked nice and their flavors and ice cream are always off the hook.I love myself a strawberry banana milkshake from this place!Their sammies are also great but the last two times I got them the cookie was so dried out and crumbling apart and the ice cream was freezerburned. In the past the cookie was moist and the ice cream fresh. I don't know how often they make and replace the ones in the freezer and maybe I just got unlucky but I don't get the sammies anymore because of this. Maybe just turn the freezer down a bit?But still, they have so many other choices I keep coming back!", 5, 0], "oVDHy0tjZt2BOHzZYW2aBw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "12/19/2014", "The best ice cream place in all of the USA. There are 6 soy ice cream options. The most options for someone who is allergic to dairy. There is also sorbet! There are vegan waffle cones. It is just vegan heaven! Well not quite...their baked goods usually aren't. The ice cream is just amazing though.", 5, 0], "jPzGa9d27o0bvzBVX9zbwQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/23/2014", "This review is strictly for ice cream. The baked goods looked great, but we did not try any. The ice cream is not creamy. I've eaten more than my fair share of ice cream, growing up in a house where we kept an auxiliary freezer stocked with 5 gallon bins of ice cream in the basement, and Purity ice cream sucks. It taste like the last two inches of a 5gal vat, that's been slightly thawed and refrozen. It's icy, not creamy and vaguely tastes more cold than any distinct flavor. Bland, disappointing. I'm sure there is better someplace else. Nice branding, the store is actually super cute and decorated in red and white stripes, giving an old time soda shop feel. Plenty of outside seats, and not terribly close to the road. Ship shape ordering and service, but the worst, flavorless ice cream.", 1, 3], "Kra5JFx7p8eSZ8LHC-S6-w": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/22/2014", "My dad had been raving about this place ever since we got to Ithaca, and boy was he right.We had come to Ithaca to help my sister move in to Cornell and we stopped here to get dessert after a big dinner. I had the Boomberry, sister got the Goose Trax, and the parents shared a sea salt caramel and green tea. The Boomberry was a mixture of black cherry, blueberries, and blackberry I believe. The flavors fit the ice cream perfectly. I also sampled the rest of my families and theirs were also very good. They also have shakes, malts, and other desserts as well.I won't be back for a while, but if you're going anywhere for ice cream, head to Purity.", 5, 0], "pEjD1qPCcsmXzDIkdhncqQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/20/2014", "lots of ice cream flavors. if you want to try one, ask for a sample :) if you don't want too much ice cream stick with the single scoop ($3), which will satisfy most cravings. choice of sugar or wafer cone or cup. $1 extra for waffle cone which holds more ice cream. Recommend Boomberry or greentea.", 4, 0], "xTjSZmPTSQQC3nHs5h-x_w": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/5/2014", "Found this gem after a hankering for a late night treat. The parlor is very clean and welcoming. The ice cream was affordable and quite good. A nice find for anyone living in Ithaca.", 4, 0], "8fahO3UoUrfj5tR0By00jw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/25/2014", "Congratulations on the renovation! Fun place, great service, and good setup that keeps the line moving.", 5, 0], "SVWJkXytVi9zXT-9ehdmSQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/2/2014", "I really wish I liked Purity because I live nearby and I love ice cream, but it just isn't good. As other reviewers have noted the ice cream lacks flavor and creaminess, tasting more like you left it in your freezer with the top off and it developed those big ice crystals. I don't know about the rest of you, but when that happens I generally throw it out. I will say that you get a lot of ice cream at Purity, but who wants a lot of something that tastes subpar to begin with? What a disappointment! Go to Sweet Melissa's for soft serve, to the Cornell Dairy Bar, or take a drive up to Interlaken and visit Cayuga Creamery they are all better than Purity. Or just get a pint of anything at the grocery store as that will be better than Purity, too.", 1, 4], "FjbKn5dgZzAyhRMFsbqy3A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/28/2014", "A clear staple to Ithaca, Purity has a very old-school ice cream shop feel that I loved. The sea salt caramel ice cream is TO DIE FOR. Get it in a brownie sundae and you're all set. There's outdoor seating and it seems like they are expanding the space to be even larger.", 4, 3], "woDTY3VwUweFxARZg_ghbA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/9/2014", "This is some of the best ice cream I have ever had. I used to hate mint chip and now I love it thanks to Purity. Big store with a lot of indoor, and some outdoor seating. Soooo many flavors to choose from. They also have coffee, cupcakes, etc. Big parking lot and easy to get to.", 5, 0], "VdfhSYe5jwCiwKHu1dAmkg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "6/8/2014", "Good ice cream, though a lot of their menu is pretty generic. I prefer ice cream places with more creative flavors. The stuff you get here are slightly improved versions of what you can get in supermarkets.They have a lot of presence in Ithaca. I feel like every event I've been to which offered ice cream used Purity. So you're bound to try their ice cream at some point if you're a student here.The place itself isn't all that appealing though. They have an outdoor seating area, but it's located in a boring part of town, surrounded by big streets with nothing on them. Sitting outside makes me feel like I'm eating behind a warehouse or something.", 3, 1], "6deX_Za9z7QyR7Bfkix6nA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "5/11/2014", "Wow! This town sure missed our Purity during renovation! Went in on their first Saturday back & it was packed! The new design has much better flow & everything looks great. And of course, the ice cream (including the world's best mint chip!) rocks. Congratulations on a job well done, Purity! And welcome back!", 5, 0], "rFOx926-z_YEwcuNZvPhOA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "4/8/2014", "A disappointment for ice cream, especially considering the hype it gets. The ice cream flavors are abundant and interesting, but tends to be icy - like it's freezer-burned or something. Always busy in the summer but the lines move quickly.", 2, 0], "mYAB4iL1a4QL3IRYZ5F1_A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "3/23/2014", "Purity is a must go while in Ithaca. Unusual and delicious flavors, alongside your more traditional ones as well. Also tons of baked goods too! Boomberry is good, so is Mint Chip. They also have Vegan and Lactose Free options!", 4, 0], "5QrZQ6vqQHNdOB8vDu0f0A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "1/13/2014", "It is not the same Purity of old. Ordered a cup of \"Mint Chip\" 21 Sep 2013. The mint flavored ice cream was filled with some sort of dark brown crumbly carb cake pieces. Virtually no flavor in the ad-ins and it definitely was not the chocolate of old. Sorry, but Purity's Mint Chip is now below the generic supermarket brands. Next time visiting Ithaca I will find where the great ice cream really is now. Cornell Dairy Bar?", 2, 2], "AzzgRTHSTF9goXbkgBy_rw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "11/16/2013", "Cute little place with a small-town feel. Indoor & outdoor seating. A lot of interesting flavors with cute names, but I wish the menu would have explained what some of the ambiguously-named flavors were exactly. Surprisingly, the green tea ice cream was very good and tasted authentically Asian!", 4, 0], "QPtsPexMvKYYJKatd-mEOw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "9/3/2013", "Pretty good ice cream! I settled on the peanut butter choco chip yogurt- it was a-ok. Chocolate chip cookie dough my bf good was pretty good, but definitely have had better. The best flavor I tried was the pumpkin praline- which I should have ordered as my cone. It was delicious. 4.5 stars for that flavor.Store was packed and people seem to know what to order there-- some of the cones people were leaving with looked like very unique flavors and incredibly good. So I say, sample first!", 3, 0], "QKRZyLRfswzOT7723S_JYA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/31/2013", "I love purity! It's one of Ithaca's must-go places although it's too far for Cornell students to go to without a car. I have tried a lot of the flavors and my favorites are the pumpkin praline and bulldog crunch. They give a pretty decent amount of ice cream. I usually stick with the one scoop in a cup and they fill the whole cup with ice cream. On special occasions, I will treat myself by getting my ice cream in the waffle cone with sprinkles...this can definitely be a meal as the waffle cones are huge and they load it with ice cream. yum!", 5, 1], "9EqHP3n9VrsTC3a1ODmX3A": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/27/2013", "I hadn't been to Purity in so long and I'm so glad I got to go! I had only been going to fro-yo places for the longest time, but after going to Purity, I'm NOT going back.I like the fact that I can get a Junior size, which is still a good amount of ice cream for around $2.50. My recommendation in Madigan Mint, a yummy chocolate with a dash of mint! Delicious! Also, Sleeper's Awake is also another good choice.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Check it out if you're in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "ew2aDUUcZuKsHPZcYzxClw": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/26/2013", "Five stars for having five (yes! vegan ice cream, not sorbets!) vegan ice cream flavors AND a list of ice cream accompaniments - sprinkles, etc - that are animal-product free! I had the Fare Trade Chocolate soy shake --- excellent!", 5, 1], "XH3GFNQ9H3JRsKE_OrWvJg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "8/9/2013", "Affogato! ... is not a review, but yeah.", 4, 1], "jO0JRcNX5881U52AiXt-oQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/24/2013", "Yum! So good!!! Delicious flavors! Boomberry and chocolate raspberry truffle are excellent! Maybe I just went at a lull time but lots of parking, seating, attentive girls at the counter, free wifi, and a real taste of Ithaca!", 5, 1], "3NsQqE4h8cwNA0xkFTVGeQ": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/17/2013", "Pretty good ice cream but not the best I have ever tasted. Could have been creamier in my opinion.", 3, 2], "6daPQh9_mMlUg0QrsLK3YA": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/17/2013", "I've been here twice and loved the ice cream both times. The second time, I went with a \"lighter\" option and for their vanilla yogurt with chocolate chips and peanut butter swirl and it still tasted rich and decadent, like regular ice cream. The line might discourage some, but it moves fast and the wait is worth it.", 4, 0], "DOvrYedqb253GW82sIvONg": ["Yelp", "Purity Ice Cream", "7/7/2013", "Just your basic summer family ice cream spot...with cupcakes and pie. Ice Cream choices are pretty standard although they offer some soy based vegan products. No soft serve ice cream and no options to try before you buy. Study the flavor sheets before you get in line as it moves fast. Prices are average to reasonable.  Turtle Sundae was $4.80.", 3, 0]}
{"yS93ZP2im6HWz7-NM4xb5g": ["Yelp", " Wendy\u2019s", "10/9/2018", "I love going to Wendy's, however every time I get my order to go they always get something wrong on my order, they either give me the totally wrong order, or the wrong size, or the wrong sauce, it's getting very annoying.", 1, 0], "lj0zHcdt57P5PoBOKVihqQ": ["Yelp", " Wendy\u2019s", "10/8/2017", "Needed a quick bite before hitting the road around 2:30pm on a Sunday. Tried drive through first but was stuck in line for ages so decided to try walking in. Still waited in line for 20+ minutes before our order was taken. In that time noticed the place was in desperate need of a deep cleaning and update.  Finally ordered and waited another 10 minutes until the people behind us told us they had dropped our receipt and they hadn't even started filling our order yet. So waited almost 40 minutes to get fast food, and the quality is well below normal wendys standards. Extremely disappointed and won't be visiting this restaurant again.", 1, 0], "Uh54sN9ljiZftkUQcDddsA": ["Yelp", " Wendy\u2019s", "2/8/2017", "Had the worst burgers & baked potatoes yesterday. The burgers were very dried out & overloaded with sauce.....we wanted plain baked potatoes but the menu only showed chili & cheese, which we ended up ordering. The cheese was more like Cheese-Wiz and tasted awful. Our bill with one drink was almost $19. We will not return.", 1, 0]}
{"546HO3D7RSl0mhhlh-ac2Q": ["Yelp", "Easy Wok", "9/21/2018", "Really good food! Good pricing too. Kind staff. I got the BBQ chicken, chicken with broccoli, and rice. Total came out to $6.47 including tax.", 5, 0], "K9fnbf62TXv04Bu0XyTHEA": ["Yelp", "Easy Wok", "3/4/2018", "Don't eat here. I saw one of the male employees use the bathroom and go back to work without washing his hands.", 1, 0], "rzubY3j4Nw4MnubJzUeGiQ": ["Yelp", "Easy Wok", "1/21/2018", "The food was pretty good. I enjoyed the General Tso and rice combination. It's a lunch counter style serving, and though the two women behind the counter seemed to want to rush through the order, everything was good.", 3, 0], "Lsh5n3uBIFPJhZGSHMWXDA": ["Yelp", "Easy Wok", "10/9/2013", "Tasty Chinese food, nice and friendly staff. My boyfriend and I often come to ithaca mall, and specially, choose to eat here. Compared with any other local Chinese restaurants, they have cheaper price but more yummy food. Would definitely recommended.", 5, 1]}
{"6ARfGx_m2ENXbtSD-dgmsg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/24/2019", "Waited tooooooooooo long for simple waffles. Go if you have nothing to do that day. Too overpriced for us to be standing around waiting for our food. Not a restaurant so we tipped them to basically service ourselves and bus our plates", 1, 0], "qiL3ESgk0IEhNVG_9Qv-Hg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/5/2019", "This was a very interesting place - be sure to grab a table first if you have a few people. It would have been good to keep the menus by the door as people enter - this way when people are waiting on line they can look at the menu and decide on what to get before getting to the counter. The line can get quite long with people waiting to order. Regulars will probably know the menu but not the visitors. We ate breakfast here. Lots of questions when looking at the menu on the board - got the Eggs and Bacon and Florentine. The man at the counter was very patient with us especially since we had so many questions about the menu. Menus were at the counter. There were two kinds of syrups - the free house or the premium one - served on the side. Once the order was placed and paid, you sit and wait for your name to get called to pick up your drinks and food. Breakfast was good with the exception of the bacon, one of our orders had burnt bacon.Really enjoyed the food and experience here - would go again!", 4, 0], "rnj9GbCLjOHDNiH0i5qYZw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/2/2019", "Oh my god the chicken and waffles. Go here. If you're in Ithaca and you eat nowhere else, at least go to Waffle Frolic.", 5, 0], "DuF0BrXqg2V1Pu37OX5CTg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/28/2018", "This was a pleasant surprise while visiting Cornell. We had the waffles, eggs and bacon and the waffles, eggs and chicken, both were excellent.", 5, 0], "A3oqNUA7s0IYUt4BPq8iAA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/6/2018", "Every time I visit Ithaca, I take a trip to Waffle Frolic without fail. I am a sweet breakfast person without doubt, so you would think Waffle Frolic would be my dream come true. And it is a dream come true, but it's also a nightmare, because every time I go in I struggle between deciding if I should get sweet or savory. That's right, even with my sweet tooth, these savory waffles are so great that they make me question my choices. The chicken and waffles (picture) and the chili waffles (sadly not pictured) are out of this world. Pretty much any sweet waffle is amazing (combine based on your own personal preferences, can't go wrong with fruit but also the ice cream sandwich waffle is superb). My favorite times are those when I come with another friend or family member who bends to my will and we split a savory and sweet. The line can be long but don't let that scare you off because when in Ithaca you have to try W.F. The servers are also friendly and the spot is surprisingly large and has pretty good free WiFi :)", 5, 0], "KAzkKaZgkTLSOLgR1xZ_dQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/26/2018", "Excellent food! Good service! I am hooked!! I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles Good coffee", 5, 0], "eAZ0vbAujxgyNhtSRED2jQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/11/2018", "Waffle Frolic failed on many fronts. After reading the reviews I was excited to give it a shot. We came here with 2 kids (4,5) and 2 adults. The experience was not good. First the ordering process is not very easy especially when you have 2 kids and you have never been here. The whole waiting area is way too condensed for what they are trying to do. Second its kinda pricey for what you actually do get. I will admit the food was good and was tasty, but it was overshadowed by everything else. For a side of syrup (its like a shot) you have to pay extra, this is a waffle for goodness sakes.  A refill of brewed coffee, an extra dollar. What breakfast place does this with brewed coffee, especially when the coffee was nothing to write home about. Fourth, for being family friendly I would say it is not. There are only a couple of tables for 4 people, most spots are for 1 or 2 people only.Overall the waffles are good, but the overall experience for the price you are paying is not.", 2, 1], "PAUold4BXXymrkm-HSntfg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/10/2018", "Waited an hour for the food to be ready. Coffee was cold, food was cold. Eggs and bacon tasted old. Wouldn't recommend it", 1, 0], "P8yED4L9CC_KW0-4CsD4Pw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/7/2018", "Loved it here! The bacon was cooked to perfection and the waffles were delicious! I tried a waffle with strawberries and chocolate and a waffle with bananas, Nutella and peanut butter. My only complaint was that they just throw the banana on the waffle and don't cut it up further, I had to take the banana off and slice it to not smush my waffle while cutting it. I also tried the strawberry and banana smoothie which was good! It wasn't the best smoothie I had but was still good! This place is super cute, loved the local art on the walls.", 4, 2], "WsJBHdoFmZZDxK7CRCdByg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/20/2018", "Delicious vegan waffles? Yes, please!I had second breakfast at Wffle Frolic and was delighted. I was worried because the waffle wasn't just vegan but also gluten-free and that can spell disaster for a gluten-loving vegan like myself. BUT, in this case the waffle was GREAT! I DID NOT MISS THE GLUTENS!You can add a bunch of toppings many of which are vegan- I went sweet with strawberries, bananas, powdered sugar, Earth Balance and cheap syrup with walnuts. But they have lots of other toppings, too. It was very tasty and their cold brew iced coffee also hit the spot.I would definitely Waffle Frolic again!", 4, 0], "XCCG_R6fZbGP0lYE_HSaCA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/29/2018", "The line was out the door and for good reason. This popular Ithaca waffle-centric eatery is out of this world. You can order every imaginable topping savory or sweet. I waited an hour for a mind blowing vegan, gluten free waffle topped with peanut butter, bananas and chocolate vegan ice cream. OMG. The gluten free waffle is just like a regular gluten waffle. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. So so good! Get in line and relax until your food is ready. It's worth the wait!!", 5, 2], "VefU3KQCZIHJ4xklbFDKGQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/13/2018", "Good waffles and interesting choices. We liked the hangover and eggs florentine. I'm not sure about the buffalo sauce, I think hangover was better without it. The eggs were all cooked perfect, with slightly runny yolks.", 5, 0], "B5Q1ZwYlloLzWytB7YPO_A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/12/2018", "Went here twice in two days. Their vegan grilled cheese w. garlic/portobella mushrooms was amazing! It was the best vegan grilled cheese I have had thus far. Followed by a vegan waffle & ice cream! Perfection, if I lived here I would come here every weekend!", 5, 0], "hKF6soSuFGbBFJkHSlov9w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/20/2018", "Great place! Only wish they had later hours in the day. I love all the different sweet and savory waffle options. Food is quick, hot, and delicious. Well priced options", 4, 0], "qqOVA_zQJqPZ44Ycewh_pA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/14/2018", "Cute breakfast/brunch spot. Went in on a Saturday morning, and had no trouble getting a table after placing our order. We both had the chicken and single waffle. The portion (1 large waffle and 3 pieces of chicken), was perfect, and it was all very tasty.", 4, 0], "HD_obvRvgL8EX7Z6CUrvNw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/13/2018", "Fantastic breakfast option! They are really good at what they do! The waffles were wonderful and the service was great! We had the chicken and waffles as well as the waffles with eggs and bacon. Both really really good. The latte was also exceptional. Be prepared to wait for you order, depending on how busy it is. They cook the waffles to order so it takes some time but that is why everything is so good. The waffle combinations are limitless!!!", 5, 0], "4iIyO-QiNxRqd8myG2pqsg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/8/2018", "Amazing... a simple waffle made into a wonderful experience... and a damn good cup of coffee! You need to eat here!!!", 5, 0], "csgf5iVjDyDg7VUOARI3Xw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/24/2018", "Breakfast, lunch and dinner- in one waffle! After frolicking around town during the iTango MarathonI waltzed into the Waffle Frolic... What does a girl eat, when she has a dance hangover? The Chili over a Corn Bread Waffle. DELICIOUS. Memorable and SATISFYING - like a good tanda! Yum. Yum. Yummy!", 5, 2], "LfmETwPMGhRWjKgnyiX3AQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/21/2018", "Had breakfast there today! I was surprised to see how inexpensive it was. Lots of varieties for waffles and toppings. I went with the classic chicken and waffles. Great taste on the waffle alone. The fried chicken was better than I expected, I'd eat just the chicken by itself it was that good. Light batter, very flavorful and moist. The waffle was the perfect size, I got the double size. The single looked a little small for my appetite. The only part I didn't like was the butter was put on top and melted all in one area of the waffle and made it just a little bit soggy. Would prefer if the butter on the side which I'm sure I could have asked for.Will definitely return to try the ice cream waffle sandwich! Friendly staff, smiled and were polite.", 4, 0], "HeG-UPAeaaS2_7IKQeCSUQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/19/2018", "Wow! Delicious made-to-order waffles in the heart of Ithaca college town center. Located in the Ithaca Commons pedestrian mall Waffle Frolic has a hip college vibe, decent coffee (soy milk available!) with friendly and courteous service. Lots of seating on 2 levels. My hubby was thrilled to try their \"2 thumbs way up\" vegan waffles, while I settled for perfectly cooked (and oh so tasty) fried chicken and waffles. \"Real\" maple syrup costs extra, but worth it. Happy find during our road trip.", 5, 3], "AHbh_Y9rb4wHJekPpi-JEQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/11/2018", "Love their waffles and chicken. Actually anything on the menu is a hit. Friendly customer service. Relaxing atmosphere. I always take visitors for a true experience.", 5, 0], "t1blDoBAZb-uFAT43OXtew": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/7/2018", "Awesome and allergy friendly - gluten free, dairy free, walnut free. A must eat spot.", 5, 0], "Cq3Xcj9_lIjnsLMeeeAdVw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/9/2018", "I was not expecting a humble waffle to be this tasty! The hearty hemp and buckwheat waffle, Florentine style, was delicious and filling without being greasy or gross (a real risk when it comes to college-town food). Can't wait to try more.", 5, 0], "8ukhUC5wozPGQKSvkg2tzQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/2/2018", "WOW !!!! BEST PLACE ON EARTH definitely 5 stars. everyone is always nice and the food is excellent. if your thinking about going just GO !!! don't think do it. Thank you for your food and your awesome waffles.", 5, 0], "g0DBuE8jXfPyDqx4CMlv6Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/5/2018", "The waffles were gigantic and pretty tasty.Not impressed with the chicken.3 very small dry pieces that were mostly bone.If you are looking for a good waffle go here. If you are looking for delicious chicken, dont go here.", 2, 0], "aEFmOAmuIECIurQ1Rh7FEQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/6/2018", "My friend brought me here and these waffle combos blew my mind! Not only is there ample amounts of seating literally everywhere!!! But the place is so cute yet diverse in its own way. Parking is write down the block in the garage and the line may look long but goes by really quick because of how fast the staff is. If you can go for breakfast or as a dessert, splitting one can be really nice and enjoyable.", 5, 0], "uqeTVVRJE3zY_dcwGc9c6A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/24/2018", "Great waffles! I had a buttermilk waffle with chocolate sauce and blueberry compote. They really drenched the waffle with the sauce but it was delicious! Very allergy/vegan friendly.", 5, 0], "Nkwo2CUaZ3TtLbzHpyRRDQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/17/2018", "I got the Eggs Florentine waffle that came with two eggs, spinach, roasted red peppers and hollandaise sauce. Overall, not bad. The eggs were cooked perfectly for me. The runny yolk was very nice. The hollandaise was delicious and I could have used more. The spinach and peppers were decent. The waffle was tasty but soggy with all the toppings. I don't know how they can fix this, so I expected it. It was filling and good for lunch because it didn't weigh me down.I'm giving it a 4 because it was tasty, but not awesome. I could have used more sauce, and the veggies didn't have much flavor. Overall I'm happy and I will go again, but I'll get a sweet waffle. That was what I should have done.", 4, 0], "ZxySlOnJPqVezZb8KPI7gg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/11/2018", "Good food, but not worth the craziness. You're better off investing in your own waffle iron and making some food at home. Waffle frolic offers very little more than a home kitchen. You have to sit at dirty tables and wait in lines that go out the door- even in the freezing cold or sweltering heat.", 2, 0], "XTWIUYDiCtnC46-POorhBw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/19/2018", "The food here was really good and I was surprised because it was just a hole in the wall. We did not get the waffles... believe it or not, we had just traveled from NJ, but the food was delicious. Only wish the sandwiches came with something, such as fries, chips or even a salad.", 4, 0], "7Wqu_U8I_fOiJJTNMEXz2g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/8/2018", "Stopped here on a camping trip for a nice breakfast on our last day in the Ithaca area and had such a great meal. It was packed - a great sign forward a restaurant - but we didn't wait too long. We took our food outside and enjoyed the sunshine, and they let us take the trays and food out there even though they have no official patio off their own. I got the chicken and waffles - a staple and favorite breakfast treat - and my friends each got a different and delicious creation. The portions were generous, the price seemed reasonable and the quality top notch. I highly recommend eating here instead of a greasy spoon - a nice change from diner fare.", 4, 2], "RbVv4VHO5XyaPNiDhzDDfA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/4/2018", "This is definitely one of the most over-hyped places in Ithaca, but it is still worth it in my opinion if you find yourself craving the best type of breakfast food at any hour of the day. My favorite is the Elvis, which is peanut butter & honey drizzled over a buckwheat waffle, said waffle is then topped with a banana -- don't forget to ask for chocolate chips if you truly love yourself. I find that a single waffle is enough, unless you are absolutely ravenous. In this case, order the twin and prepare to be full all day. The wait is usually long, so come prepared for that. The seating situation is sort of confusing -- there are tables in the room adjacent to the kitchen/counter, and also on the floor above. Orders are called on an intercom, not delivered to customers, so it's important to pay attention no matter where you sit.", 4, 3], "0dBK3c_V_GgjD1Qw0kW9xA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/30/2017", "Ordered delivery via ithacatogo from here for a few times when I was too lazy to make breakfast. BTW delivery in Ithaca is crazy expensive...don't be lazy like me and actually make your own food or get up and go get it T_T. Anyway, the double waffle is pretty big, good to share with someone because the sweet ones can get kind of overwhelmingly sweet to the point where you don't want to eat it anymore. Delivery is pretty fast which is a good thing b/c I order the one with ice cream sometimes. Definitely not a healthy meal though.", 4, 1], "-czp-TLLcaaBLspauHYwkg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/1/2017", "They have waffles. They have the waffles that you like to eat and they have the waffles that your friends like to eat and they have the waffles that you didn't think about eating but ate anyway and they have the kind that you just eat when you feel like it. Waffles are cool. And they have them.", 5, 4], "AneONAB3mnc2-wnLzBwLtw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/28/2017", "While Waffle Frolic isn't as crazy or creative with their dishes as some other places (I'm looking at you Funk N Waffles), they actually have stellar food. The grilled cheese is amazing, and if you like Mediterranean flavors, try that version of the grilled cheese.The chicken and waffles are of course a staple, and as such, are darn fine. They must add a hint of maple syrup to the buffalo sauce, because it's hot, yet sweet. I will say wait time is a little long, but given the area, and the quality of the food, it's worth it. Don't go when you are in a rush, and everyone can be happy.", 4, 1], "vsFGjbN0zoQeQqh33rrfQw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/5/2017", "Great place to eat, prices are fair for the food you get.Get here early line is out the door at times!", 4, 0], "BeyG0VUkpYePmqCI-_2SHg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/25/2017", "We went for Sunday brunch during Cornell Homecoming weekend. We got on line at 11AM, and were eating at 11:40. It was a nice day, so we got the order \"to go\" we chose to eat outside on the Commons. The waffles were perfectly cooked, and delicious. One might think the ice cream would have melted, but it did not. It's a bit pricey, but a lovely option for a special occasion, as long as you don't mind waiting.", 5, 0], "tafcmcVYScsbPAT7c_Iv1Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/21/2017", "They do have a good gluten free waffle that my wife got and enjoyed. I ordered the chicken and waffles and while decent, it was not nearly as delicious as other places I've been. They seem to just use their standard waffle batter, which is a bit rubbery, and not a custom batter that balances well with the chicken. Again, it was good, but could be better.Coffee was exceptional.", 3, 0], "-RewHyJyF2pEvufWxdP2Jw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/9/2017", "Not a fan: limited menu, long line to order followed by a 30min wait for 4 waffles + a sandwich, and way too expensive; $7 for a skimpy grilled cheese was not worth it.", 1, 2], "8ctxj6GPFUaWx30nWRJQcA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/8/2017", "Underwhelming. Came in about an hour before closing and felt stared down by the 6 people standing behind the counter. Tried to order something quick and simple. I'm not from the area so that seemed to be the Waffle Dog. It's a vegan hot dog dipped in waffle batter and fried. It was okay. The mustard sauce it came paired with was bland. Though it looked really good. Idk I don't come to Ithaca often when I do visit N.Y. so I guess it's not a big deal. I'd stick to something sweet if I gave it another chance.", 3, 0], "LnqFY-P30X3yZGBBBumUEQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/1/2017", "Came here for breakfast while in town for the weekend. Waited in line for 30 minutes just to have the privilege of placing our orders. I decided on the fried chicken and waffle while the girlfriend ordered the Mr Popular. We were comforted by the fact that both the person in front and behind was also getting the same thing as me and was starting to get quite hungry.Fast forward 20 minutes, the order ahead of and behind me are sent out while my order is nowhere to be found. I'm told after a few moments that my order should be ready in 3-4 minutes so while confusing, was acceptable. Now fast forward another 20 minutes and finally my order comes up to the counter. The lady working the counter then stealthily sends another staff member to pick up my girlfriend's order, which at this point has been sitting at an obscure (but visible) counter for the last 15 minutes and then announces that my order is ready.So after waiting more than an hour for food the resulting dish turns out to be 3 tiny pieces of underwhelming fried chicken and an appalling piece of cardboard they try to pass as a waffle, which was completely underdone on the inside, soft on the outside and having barely any flavor to speak of. My girlfriend's order was much more palatable but was ice cold by the time we started eating.Needless to say this meal was an absolute waste of time and money spent. Hard pass.", 1, 4], "yVFeEezj9ac-v3Q0QBWqdg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/22/2017", "Wonderful, the Mr popular doesn't need syrup because the rest of the toppings are so great.", 5, 0], "YuiGwN5C9Gfhf0X_5pQA2w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/15/2017", "The food here is very good but is not in any way extraordinary. We have been here three separate times and every single time we've waited almost an hour for our food. The employees never seem very friendly and trying to get your food at the counter is a nightmare because there is no room for anyone. They aren't particularly pricy but not really worth what you end up with. If I ever order from them again, which is highly unlikely, I will order take out several hours ahead of time.", 2, 0], "G9vjIfAHyu888uj0YLxX-A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/7/2017", "Gluten-free chicken and waffles! Both the chicken and the waffles were stellar. We sat upstairs by the windows and had a peaceful brunch. I even read some zines for fun.This was a great way to fuel up on our first morning in Ithaca before walking up the Cascadilla Gorge and through the Cornell campus.", 4, 0], "KD8MwLcJAQIml5XN82njiA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/5/2017", "Not worth the wait or the cost. Hard pass.After reading the glowing Yelp reviews, my husband and I decided to check out Waffle Frolic in the Commons for brunch on a Saturday around 10am. There was a line out the door, but we took that as a good sign. We waited 30 minutes in line before ordering fried chicken and waffles with buttermilk (twin size large waffle, $11.50) and florentine waffle with cornbread waffle (large waffle, $9.50) and two cold brew coffees ($2.50 each). Waited another 20 minutes for our food before heading upstairs to enjoy it. They originally forgot one of our coffees, but they poured me one when I reminded them. They also gave me a buttermilk waffle instead of cornbread, but honestly I was too hungry to try to wait in line for a new waffle. The waffles were overcooked and soggy at the same time (how is that possible??). I was expecting crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. What I got was a burnt tasting floppy waffle that just tasted rubbery. The hot sauce served with the chicken was the high point in our meal. We didn't finish the food, and we left hungry, disappointed, and minus 1 hour and $25.", 2, 8], "33JqDGWF5E_GouvynyYmWg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/2/2017", "The concept is pretty neat. The waffles are fluffy and pretty big and the toppings are near endless. The location is great and the indoor seating it fantastic. This please could easily handle a pretty large group or a busy night. They're super expensive for what it is though. For those who don't know how to make waffles: you buy waffle mix, and add water. That's it. A waffle with peanut butter and chocolate sauce with whip cream costs like 20\u00a2 to make if that. You're likely to find the money to make it yourself on the ground outside in the Commons. You're paying a hefty to price for someone to add water to powder and heat it for you. But, if you don't care, your taste buds will be pretty happy.", 3, 1], "k_pZnORTIbV1jH1Tamg96g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/20/2017", "Great service, great food and great ambiance. I can't wait to come back to Ithaca and try the other breakfast listed on their favorite list ;)", 5, 0], "XBHEz8G3YN_ddcEOhnc9cg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/18/2017", "My better half had the hemp waffle with maple syrup. It's delicious and tastes like it's bad for you (in a good way). I had the cornbread waffle (the twin) with bacon, but next time I'll skip it- -, it's too heavy and a little dry. And the bacon was good, but overkill on such a heavy waffle.", 5, 0], "qGVhwrJlkIWogUMeSREl8w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/12/2017", "Waffle Frolic is a cool, cute little restaurant in Ithaca. I love waffles, so I was very excited about this find. The waffles were good, but not more exceptional than waffles that can be made at home. The selection of toppings and waffle sandwiches is really fun, and I enjoyed the waffles with ice cream. The wait for the waffles was very long, though the place was not very crowded. Waffle Frolic is really fun, but is not my favorite restaurant in Ithaca, especially with so many selections in the downtown area.", 3, 0], "Ni-RFv13kMLIRvgqFBLVJg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/27/2017", "It's unbelievably good! I got the lemon drop waffle and I still can't get over the taste. The waffle was made out of corn, which gave it a unique texture and taste which complimented the sweetness of the lemon and ice cream. I'm sad that I'll probably never come here again for this since I was on vacation :-(", 5, 0], "ZsupjywJqgKnys_zrpuYlg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/25/2017", "I'm gluten free, so I haven't been able to have good waffles in a long time. Thankfully there is Waffle Frolic, one of the most aptly named food places I've been to recently.My boyfriend and I were in Ithaca for the weekend and I was dying for something sweet for breakfast. I had read about the restaurant having gluten free waffles, so I was excited to try them out. We arrived around noon and found it wasn't really busy, so we didn't wait in line long. There were so many options for our waffles, like curd, compote, and peanut butter. They all looked delicious but I ended up selecting a specialty chicken and waffle dish.The cashier was friendly and immediately knew what to say when I mentioned being gluten free. When she told me that the batter for the chicken was automatically gluten free, I was impressed. My boyfriend and I sat down in the next room after ordering, which contained chairs, tables, and just the two of us. Everyone else must've chosen upstairs seating. My boyfriend's name was called and he brought back a delicious looking waffle with three nicely breaded fried chicken pieces on top. First of all, I gave my boyfriend the sauce. It tasted good to me, but was too spicy because of my sissy mouth. He got me some extra syrup and then I finally dove into what would turn out to be my favorite food experience of the trip. The chicken was fried to perfection and I kept saying that it was so juicy and the batter so tasty. I haven't had fried chicken in a loooong time. The batter was a little too salty but I still want more of it, even now. I'm glad I went the savory route. The waffle was just as I'd hoped, flavorful and fluffy. I loved every bite!Don't hesitate on coming here for breakfast or lunch. Don't you dare do that. The food here is incredible and I enjoyed every second of my experience. Run, don't frolic, on your way here.", 5, 0], "NyrIsjmI7VrlbgupqqyqQQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/24/2017", "Such a cool concept! Huge waffles, tons of choices delicious waffles! Staff were nice place was cool", 5, 0], "Ot8DCBTWQkI2j_SpYmZnow": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/22/2017", "Super excited to have so many gluten free options. I thought waffels were a thing of the past for me. I was wrong. Can't wait to visit Ithaca again so we can eat here again.", 5, 0], "Zyx-bnHdQFxlRghe-fP2dw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/20/2017", "This is probably the best waffle place in Ithaca (it's a small town but the some of the brunch places are the bomb). I made it a point to visit them every alternate week and always found myself craving their waffles midway through the 2nd week. Get a half or a full base and load it up with their standard and premium toppings. You won't regret it!", 4, 0], "nM83Cghrg9V4OU-mYEU_Nw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/14/2017", "Just stopped in Ithaca to visit some of the beautiful breathtaking waterfalls and happen to come across waffle frolic a modern waffle house. As I entered waffle frolic the restaurant was quite busy so I looked at their menu which has some reasonable prices for waffles and decided to order. I got a single waffle with Nutella and banana. Although they were busy and it took a little time for my waffle it was amazing. It was beautifully decadent and very scrumptious. Next time when I stop by Ithaca I must return back to get a double waffle", 5, 0], "24pWlTsSBU8wv6T8X63lAQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/10/2017", "Waffles are tasty & personalized by you. Once you enter you place your order at a main register where your name is taken. Once your waffles are ready your name is called over a loud speaker. Ordered the \"single\" size waffles & it was more than enough. Would recommend to a friend looking for brunch in the commons.", 4, 0], "SJrLZ7w2a-VBEqpf-mIebw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/7/2017", "Not a fan. Waffles were lukewarm and crunchy. Coffee was okay but nothing special.", 2, 0], "EImsiUlw6FOZDN3_fqMy3A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/9/2017", "What a wonderful find for terrific waffles. Light, crisp exterior, tasty dough. Real butter and real maple syrup. Coffee is OK. Sausages delicious. Service is a little slow and fragmented - drinks are ready sooner than food and it comes out in waves/phases. By the time the waffles appear the coffee is cold and finished, causing the order process to start over.I'd go back in spite of this because the waffles are greasy.", 4, 0], "c2GzQPaQC_dTjrwDU1rILA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/7/2017", "Nice spot on the Commons. Good prices and quality food and ingredients. The kids enjoyed the waffle bar and I got a grilled cheese with garlic and portobello. The twin size is totally shareable!! It fed my two girls. The loft was a fun place to perch and look out the windows.", 4, 0], "mtsoffvI7MRE9uaTh8SpHA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/1/2017", "I love the toppings, the waffles are solid, and the ice cream is always a nice touch. It's always a good place to go for casual eating with friends.", 5, 0], "eqLgYeRcbYkHgpXDQJ6aYw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/28/2017", "I ordered a turkey chilli waffle and it took quite long to get it ready. Not sure if they forgot my order. Anyway, food was very good. A little pricy though.", 4, 0], "D41KtrXqU5grWSgUB4xd4Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/8/2017", "Delicious waffles, but the place smells like a locker room and it's so unappetizing.", 4, 0], "7pDw1hGPf1ddKeE8ViDFaw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/2/2017", "The gluten free buckwheat waffles are the bomb! Ample Savory and sweet waffle options and so many delicious smoothies. Only downside is the wait..Line is always out the door.", 4, 0], "e4Vd6dS6Qddrqhhi1hMU_w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/27/2017", "The most delicious hemp waffles. Such a nice experience eating here. It will def. be a spot that I frequent often.", 5, 0], "vCDgm-xR1xI8UgDo_Fa0Sw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/23/2017", "This is one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca. I recommend getting green tea ice cream on your waffle with chocolate sauce over the top, or fried chicken waffles for a classic dish. It's such a hipster vibes kind of place with chalkboard menus and the presentation of the food is awesome. It's right in the commons which is a great location and I always go there with my friends. The price is very affordable and reasonable and I highly recommend it! If you have a savoury tooth, they got what you want as they have burger style waffles (vegetarian too) and other salty dishes but they also got sugary dessert dishes too. They are double story as well and have side tables with access to water, napkins, and utensils.", 5, 0], "-htgjBZaLMP_yzSr5HyFhg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/21/2017", "The chicken and waffles was sooo good. We also had the Florentine With Corn Bread Waffle and that was really tasty. We couldn't leave without having a banana split waffle and they use the icecream from Purity and it was ahhh mazing. Will definitely be back", 5, 1], "AiqQSVGMeOhC92B3aLtMEg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/19/2017", "So while their food is delicious, somewhat original, and the place is nice... the wait for food is too long. They need a more efficient system of making waffles. Any of their create your own waffles will admittedly come out way too sweet but it isn't their fault. Their ice cream is fresh, but sweet! IMO their bet menu item was the chicken and waffles served with an original tobasco maple syrup buffalo sauce and it paired perfectly with the chicken and honestly even the waffle. Make sure you like corn bread before ordering their cornbread waffle as well. Be prepared to wait 20-30 mins in line before getting food, but once you do you likely won't regret it. All in all go there once for sure. After that \"likely to give you diabetes\" in one meal feeling you might not want to return for a while. BUT a must go if you're in the commons area for lunch", 3, 2], "xhfG6dQnENII-f8_GKwelg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/11/2017", "I did NOT expect this place to be that great. Being in a college town, I personally think the prices are too high. The Hangover waffle is $15, even though it includes a lot of meats I don't think it is $15 worth of food. Being that I came on a Saturday morning, it was extremely busy, and my hanger was having me wondering if it was worth the long wait. Needless to say, it was worth the wait. The waffles themselves are surprisingly very well made. The butter is added in the waffle so there is no need to add butter on top. The waffle itself is fluffy but not too soft. I can see how this place is so extremely popular in Ithaca and I will definitely be returning if I am in the area!", 5, 6], "VwMHF1ix_hZu1bxo_1GZbw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/9/2017", "Fancy?, Nope. Delicious and creative, absolutely. The seating and accommodations are as bare bones as it comes, but the star is the waffle and they are legit. You can have them with a multitude of toppings, real maple syrup and a side of bacon, etc.. Not cheap, not much in the way of comfort or ambience. You come for the waffles. Period.", 4, 0], "gXV85aMrJdd1EEoxjXxNKA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/5/2017", "Nothing better than ice cream and waffles! I made my own waffle cause I was feeling for the other creations. This is a good hangout spot especially if you have a large group who wants to relax and play board games. Unfortunately on weekends, they close early. Other than the hours, I liked the ambiance and the food itself. The quality of the vanilla ice cream is great! I think they sell purity ice cream here, but who doesn't sell purity ice cream in Ithaca. The waffle was okay! I wish it was a bit more crunchy for my tasting. Overall, I would come back here to hangout with friends and family.", 4, 1], "wDU4DaWhR4n_q_zRWSiEbg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/19/2017", "All I can say is the food is the best and worth it! Super cool place with lots of young people and everyone is super polite. They have gluten free food for those that need it and the chicken and waffles is by far the best I have ever had", 5, 0], "L7KJB8bYTWQBVDLPZ2pjag": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/17/2017", "Waffle frolic! You're in a college town! Why do you close at 4pm? I had my first vegan waffles here and it was delicious! I also had the vegan corn dog, it was alright. I don't know what meat is supposed to taste like, but the fake sausage was not that great.", 4, 0], "pjRG71R_b7aZObjBieI68w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/13/2017", "Have you ever craved waffles with damn near anything you can imagine on it? You've found the right place.Waffle Frolic is the best of a waffle buffet minus the hassle of building your own plate. A variety of fruits, Purity ice cream, and spreads alongside coffees, juices, and the like make this place a wonderfully upbeat and delicious visit.", 4, 0], "IbYrLcPxjNg2UZuefX_Hhg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/12/2017", "Not a great experience here. The cappuccinos were watery, and somehow weak and bitter simultaneously. No amount of cream and sugar were going to make them any better. We tried two waffles. The Ice Cream Sandwich waffle was top notch... the Carmel Apple waffle, not so much. The Ice Cream Sandwich waffle is humongous. Smothered in caramel, whipped cream, ice cream and chocolate syrup, there's a lot there. It pairs great with the syrup they serve you, which we drizzled over the top. It's photogenic too, great to post to social media. For $10, you wonder about the value of the single waffle, two scoops of ice cream and mountain of whipped cream you receive. Still, there's enough here to feed two people comfortably. Get a spoon for when your ice cream melts (the waffle is great when it's a bit soggy with chocolate syrup). The Carmel Apple waffle was tiny. It has apple butter, which I enjoyed, but there was just nothing there otherwise. I was expecting apple slices served on top, or apple pie, or apple pie filling, or apple... something. I felt I was missing out, especially after seeing the mountain of a waffle my companion had ordered. It's clear they try hard to make their customer's experience a good one, and overall the place gets great reviews-- so my experience may be an exception.", 2, 2], "40vtnmTQelQbV-kzR-xosw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/23/2017", "Great waffles, good combinations of flavors! Sometimes feel a little shortchanged by the amount of toppings on the big waffles for the price... It's still a lot of waffle, not a lot of chicken for example. Still, a fan. I'll return happily!", 4, 0], "pMxaQs1M76eTF5cILPrFyw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/10/2017", "Wow, those waffles looks amazing we should go there! Said by almost everyone who decided to come here based on reviews. This is personally why I cam here and by word of mouth from friends that insisted I try the food here. Having been here twice, I don't find myself wanting to return on a regular basis. Overall, waffle frolic is okay, hence the 3 star rating. As many people have stated, I honestly believe this place is a bit overpriced for the quality of service and food. (I really hope they pay their employees a living wage). The waffles look big but they are the thinnest waffles I have had, but taste pretty good. Prepare to pay for almost every topping you want and even on coffee refills, that's right 1 dollar refills after spending over 30 dollars for two people to eat. I haven't had long wait times fortunately, but I would steer clear if you're looking for a quick bite to eat during the academic calendar when it is packed.", 3, 1], "Rz6GhgzhwQ1zcPem08d9Pg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/8/2017", "It was pretty good. I got the Chicken and Waffles. The chicken was very good. I absolutely loved the waffle. It was pretty crispy. I wish I had more to say about how I felt about the chicken and the waffles, but I was satisfied!I didn't love the coffee that was brewed, but it does its job. My boyfriend got the affogato. It was amazing! I highly recommend it. It's never too early in the day for ice cream.I doubt I will get to come to Ithaca for a while, but I really want to try a sweet waffle next time.", 5, 2], "6vK__QLPb4R-w3aSjS6bKg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/3/2017", "The best waffle/breakfast place. Their waffles are so delicious. A ton of available toppings and preselected waffle configurations. Do not miss this place! Vegan options too!", 5, 0], "gzdISo5-AYmWPdUCv0il1w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/25/2016", "The food was lovely, I had a plain waffle with bananas and nutella and my boyfriend had plain with whipped cream. There were much fancier options but since it was our first time we decided to go basic. The food was a little on the expensive side, more than you'd pay at say diner. So that was the only drawback for me.The atmosphere was very pleasant, we went on a weekday morning and there were many young couples with children. Great spot, I'd definitely go again.", 4, 0], "OfTxs2OdaMNTffRb3JLKtw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/6/2016", "This place is just okay. The waffles are okay, but definitely not as good as the 5 star reviews say. However, it is ridiculous that you have to wait 30 minutes to order and then even longer to get the waffles (the place just doesn't seem to be good at getting waffles out of the kitchen). So, overall this is okay for a college town, but otherwise fairly mediocre.", 3, 0], "Y_f57dHjI-fxxuSnUMqr8w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/23/2016", "We waited for 30-45 mins in line for some good ole chicken & waffles... seems ridiculous to some, but when there's perfectly fried chicken involved, I'd do anything. Single is $9.50 while the twin is 11.50.Friends and I all got the twin. In the future, I may just stick with the single. I thought the waffles could've been crispier.", 4, 1], "O5mBfXJKjL-HOoZFkWgCCg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/21/2016", "Best place to go after a night of drinking. All of my friends love it! Fast and yummy service", 4, 0], "g_ob3GHZbE2OrsbGwd1xtQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/30/2016", "Amazing waffle shop with a good atmosphere, interesting choices for waffle base, and free range meats cooked to perfection. Fried chicken was amazingly juicy, lightly gluten-free battered and delicious. The cornbread waffle was just a little dry, but paired with the veggie chili (that was a little too liquidy) was just right.", 5, 0], "BcIMQorL7P448E6a9ZnJQw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/23/2016", "Wow. Very impressed. Waffle was delicious and fresh. Would have liked a little more guidance for first visit (i.e. Menu accessibility). Overall, it's a great breakfast treat!", 4, 0], "w7kelq5jWo6TIC2nnNXHuQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/5/2016", "I was skeptical, but the waffles were so good. If you're getting a sweet waffle you may want to hold off on getting syrup. I had one with Nutella, caramel, and sea salt ice cream so I didn't end up using the syrup I paid for. I got the twin size and struggle to finish it. I might be a one waffle person. One of my friends got a sandwich - they're very tiny. If you're hungry you're better off getting something else. The other got The Hangover. It looked so delicious and the Maple Hot sauce is delicious. I'd go back and get a savory waffle.", 5, 1], "8PIXfQOWuWXoSh8Yden7dA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/5/2016", "First, the wait was so long but it was almost worth it on a non-busy day. I wish they would let us know beforehand that vegan options would take particularly long to make.Get ANYTHING with Nutella. I don't know how these guys do it but their Nutella is ridiculously thick and delicious. Got the Buttermilk Waffle with Nutella Strawberry and Bananas which is usually a hit or miss for me depending on the strawberries but these were all so perfectly sweet. A single serving was just the right portion for me and price was decent for a waffle specialty place.", 5, 1], "DQojsw3jyWmqr3rNaV31fA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/30/2016", "What's the first thing I do after getting off a red-eye flight from San Francisco to Ithaca? Get Waffle Frolic of course.I have quite the soft spot for Waffle Frolic after studying at Cornell and every time I'm back in town for recruiting or any other event, I make sure to swing by. This time, I had a twin waffle with lemon curd, whipped cream and chocolate chips and a cold brew coffee on the side which came out to just about $10.Both the lemon curd and whipped cream are homemade and it definitely shows. I had to wait a bit before sinking my teeth into my waffle because my friend had to have her order redone (which they were very accommodating about) and the whipped cream still held it's shape. Regular whipped cream out of a can definitely doesn't do that. The lemon curd was a bit too sweet for my taste but then again I don't have much of a sweet tooth. But that buttermilk waffle was everything I remembered it to be and more. I'll always be back for you Waffle Frolic.", 4, 2], "QFlayFeInaNWVEoBL1dnew": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/26/2016", "Their grilled cheeses are awesome!! So cheesy and delicious! Tasted more like a panini than your traditional grilled cheese. The roasted garlic and portobello grilled cheese was insanely tasty, so so garlicky! The kimcheese (grilled cheese with kimchi) was also surprisingly great with a good spicy kick. I would have never thought to not order waffles here but I will definitely have their grilled cheese again!", 5, 0], "tjGsBC07GK3SLHKXUkkAGw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/24/2016", "Their waffles and food was decent but definitely overrated and not worth the price. I tried their chicken and waffles which was exceedingly average for their cost. Many of my friends swear by this place yet I fail to see the mass appeal.", 3, 0], "I5TnHPWKskLQwwOl3hHbtg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/20/2016", "Love this place. They have an incredible variety of waffles. They are delicious and can fill you up easy. If you are not craving something sweet, they have some savoury ones too", 4, 0], "yAJTPdJsvUZ-h5XGLT5rSw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/20/2016", "Underwhelming. Stay away. I'd give this place zero stars if possible. Overpriced and under delivers. They charge you for maple syrup. $1 per tablespoon. Not kidding. Poor students who are on a budget! I give this place 1 year before they close.", 1, 0], "IsmOwJXfMlbh3t0RL7DY6Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/17/2016", "Never fails to disappoint. There's so many options and they are all amazing. One downside is that it is a little pricey for waffles, but honestly well worth it.", 5, 0], "3l1QL_12vwB573B1b9dLHQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/13/2016", "The waffles were fantastic. The plain came with melted butter on it. We also tried the bacon and egg and the fried chicken waffles. I would definitely go back.", 4, 0], "eHx_rxd48GX34DzwZ5CNyg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/29/2016", "Interesting place and happy to find a vegan waffle source right here in Ithaca! Unfortunately, while ordering I was asked if my vegan order was due to \"allergies\" or \"preference.\" This seemed like an odd question, because why should it matter? I replied \"allergies, but it is also my preference.\" The cashier had a conversation later with my friend when she asked her why such an odd question was being asked to anyone ordering vegan dishes. My friend wondered if they were conducting a survey of some sort. The cashier replied that they cook the \"allergy\" vegan items on a dedicated vegan waffle maker, but those ordered for simply \"preference\" were cooked on the same waffle makers as the non-vegan waffles. I find it unconscionable that a restaurant offering vegan options would knowingly contaminate dishes ordered by strict vegans with dairy or eggs. There should be no difference between the preparation of a vegan waffle for allergy or ethical reasons and it felt invasive to be questioned that way. If you want real maple syrup, you have to pay a little extra, however, I paid the extra yet still ended up with an Aunt Jemima type thin syrup anyway, but no biggie. They buttered the waffles with Earth Balance which was great. All in all, the quality and flavor of the vegan waffle was great, but I really don't feel confident enough that these are truly vegan waffles to return again. My friend ordered a grilled cheese on french bread which she said was very tasty.", 3, 0], "wAMyKkGN9x07w-fRBZfCeQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/6/2016", "Great waffles here. Good for anti-mushroom vegetarians. The only downside is the long line to get the waffles.", 4, 0], "bSggmPFkROilRgVNZvPMQQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/30/2016", "This place is adorable! SO many vegan options its fantastic. I had a vegan waffle with shredded coconut and bananas on it. The waffle itself was probably the best waffle I have ever had! There's seating upstairs and next door, but we chose to eat outside on the commons which was great. They also have reusable plates and silverware, recycling and composting. Delicious and eco-friendly!", 5, 0], "c4AbMFEfDy_5FH7K-meD8A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/28/2016", "It takes some serious cojones to open up a waffle shop when there are waffle stations in all of Cornell's dining halls, but there's a reason Waffle Frolic is so popular despite the waffle surplus in Ithaca -- they're just so. Damn. Good.I don't know how they do it, but these are the best waffles I have ever had. The toppings are high-quality, too. I made the newbie mistake of ordering too many toppings my first go-round, and the deliciousness was overwhelming. Nowadays, I often order a buttermilk waffle with caramelized bananas and homemade caramel sauce on the side. I'll have to try their blueberry compote next time, though! And the savory waffles, and the hangover waffles, and the buckwheat waffles. The possibilities are endless.", 5, 5], "6e4-9jMFFUBSR9ybAljmBg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/14/2016", "Whenever I'm in Ithaca, I always make it a point to stop by this place. The dessert waffles are so, so good and almost make me want to relive my 4 years on the Cornell campus...almost.Very reasonable prices for the sweet stuff but I can't speak for any of their savory options. I never could wrap my head around chicken on a waffle.", 5, 0], "-AH1-al0Tfm2fMMYMd04mQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/30/2016", "cornmeal waffle with chicken chili. Cute little place in Ithaca NY. Breakfast and brunch. No table service, but it's a very short walk to pick up your order. The meal was wonderful. A real crunch on the cornmeal, very good chili. My friend had the same waffle, with bacon and egg. We had coffee with our brunch. I would recommend this place for a quick bite.. Great place to take the kids. Washrooms were very clean.", 5, 0], "W5aAbL0pJRj0RucvCOZpxQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/27/2016", "I wish there was one of these in every city!! How awesome that they offer a vegan waffle. You can add apple butter, bananas, nuts, peanut butter (as low sugar options) or you can add Nutella, Caramel or ice cream!", 5, 0], "lG95VcVHj0PCfgq_X1FRqA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/17/2016", "Love their waffles here - when I came back for Slope Day, I had breakfast here for 3 days and I was here for 4 days. I recommend trying the buckwheat waffles, it really adds a lot of flavor to the waffle regardless of what you put on it. The savory waffles are actually pretty good, if you get eggs, they come in runny and pairs really well with the waffles.The sweet waffles are amazing too - I usually get something with green tea ice cream. I really appreciate their customization - for example, I changed the ice cream in the Lemon Drop from vanilla to green tea for no extra cost. Changing buttermilk to one of the other options only cost an extra quarter.", 5, 0], "xyM5dP-olCO_LARlilq6_A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/15/2016", "Great place!They are very busy and may forget a few details of the order but they will fix it quickly. They are very friendly and helpful. Most of all the waffles are great!", 4, 2], "uWPIhZShbgh7QMYuop5o5w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/13/2016", "This was an amazing experience! I just relocated to Ithaca from Syracuse where there's another version of a Waffle House. This place was beyond better. I can't eat dairy so I went with the vegan waffle. To my surprise it was rich, soft and so tender unlike other stale and mealy vegan waffles I've had. The options were endless and I can't wait to go back to try the burger waffle!", 4, 0], "1sfoyax_LwIkg8PhiweOoA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/9/2016", "Very busy when I went (Saturday morning) but delicious waffles.Be warned: while a twin size looks good, I found that I really only needed half of the portion I was served. If you get sugary toppings this is exacerbated. So, if you're a woman with a decent-sized appetite get a single or split a twin with a friend.I had the Mr. Popular waffle which was very delicious, although next time I might try a less-sweet waffle. There was almost too much sugar.Overall: if you can bear the crowds, definitely come check it out.", 4, 0], "J9fRsZkjO-RkOhv3Z4pf7g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/4/2016", "Go for the waffles, skip the Purity ice cream. I came here for a scoop of Purity ice cream and coffee. The coffee and latte was delicious. However, being a fan of Purity ice cream, I think the flavors they had experienced a bit of freezer burn and the scoop I tried was not great. My friend did not enjoy her ice cream either.Either way, the environment is hipster-ish and cute (there is an adjacent room and second floor), the place is so much bigger than it looks like on the outside. However, in the future...I'll make sure to go to the original Purity location if I want ice cream (because it IS good) and stick to Waffle Frolic for the waffles and coffee.", 4, 13], "rT2P4b5mW3vRSxOR6NDa6g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/1/2016", "Best place for breakfast or brunch in Ithaca. Get the fried chicken and waffles. (Or even just the side of fried chicken - honestly, that's the main reason I come here these days. The spicy maple sauce is amazing!) The only downsides are that it's a bit expensive for a casual waffle place, and wait times can be long, especially when it's crowded.", 4, 0], "6-txf6d-vrS06zG-Hd3rSA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/26/2016", "Ok, now I get it. Chicken n Waffles. Mana from heaven. Three pieces of fresh fried chicken on a really good waffle. Savory sweet that can't be beat. Very good coffee on top of that.", 5, 0], "EJpviVtoZnKGnuT3fsL3Ow": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/9/2016", "Sheisty pricing made what could have been a decent dining experience a disappointment instead. An upcharge of $3 is not justified because I asked to have my bacon and eggs beside the waffle and not on top -_- Manager was completely unapologetic even though the cashier knew I was a first time customer. Shame because return business makes all the difference.", 1, 1], "cWi5n9TkGVQmK_q3I4xk8w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/31/2016", "Pricey breakfast. Over $40 to feed two adults and two kids. Also took about 20 minutes, which is a little long for a fast casual joint.When it came, neither of the kids' waffles had whipped cream (which we paid for), and my wife's had Nutella (which we requested be removed). Food was fine for the most part -- we had the Mr. Popular (tasty) and the Fried Chicken and Waffles (meh).All said, expected better service from a place that charges this much.", 2, 0], "w9rRUGoLu_d4cfcNHuQHMA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/30/2016", "Delicious! Waffles are tasty and they have pretty much any topping you can imagine. The coffee is surprisingly good as well!", 5, 0], "Zi-pd6wLXCwZRKKNbvE84A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/20/2016", "In Ithaca quite a bit but this is my first time eating at Waffle Frolic. I ordered the chicken and waffles along with an iced caramel latte. Being from the south I am particular about fried chicken and I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised. The chicken (3 pieces) was cooked perfectly! Crispy and well seasoned outside with a very juicy inside. The waffle was good but not as great as I excepted in comparison to the chicken. I was a little disappointed that the syrup was not real maple syrup but a prepackaged store brand. Although the maple hot sauce was good in small moderation.The caramel iced latte was very good and would definitely have again.The $17 price tag was a little much in my opinion but is ok for a once in a while treat.If you are in the area it is well worth a visit lots of options so anyone should find something they will like.", 4, 0], "Nga5_hW8o3aMNvCdQgmc7A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/21/2016", "Three words. So. Many. Choices. I stopped by here with my Vegan friendly. Now I understand many places in Ithaca are vegan or vegetarian friendly and when you think of a waffle joint, beef or chicken (yuck) don't come to mind, eggs maybe, but not beef or chicken. However, what sets Waffle Frolic aside from many other Ithaca eateries (who are more so Vegan accommodating) is that Waffle Frolic labels everything that is Vegan or Vegetarian. On top of that, they have a vegan ice cream. I mean come on. My vegan friend's eye lit up when we walked in. Never mind the forever existing line for a Sunday morning. The shop has a simple and straightforward menu. You walk in and you follow the easy steps: pick a waffle (gf/vegan options available), pick a size (single or twin) and then pick your toppings. Indecisive? No prob. They have tons of pre-\"arranged\" waffle meals including chicken with waffle (next on my list to try), waffle with two eggs and bacon (yum), grilled cheese, turkey chili with a cornbread waffle, and they always have some specials. The day I went, they had a hangover waffle (with everything but the kitchen sink) and a florentine waffle. We went during brunch hour so the line was long but it is so worth it. Once you order, head upstairs to grab a seat. It is definitely first come first serve and if you get there at the wrong time, you might just need to grab a seat outside on one of the benches in the Commons. I settled on a single eggs and bacon (it's brunch after all) and then a single buttermilk waffle with Nutella and fruit of the day (strawberry). My friend got the twin with vegan ice cream. We were stuffed. I also want to mention they have drinks available. We each went for heir chai latte. They even have drink substitutes for their drinks. The only thing hey did not have that I feel could have been made was vegan whipped cream, but no biggie at all.I would say the waffle was very light, fluffy on the inside, crispy to the bite. My savory waffle worked really nicely--I was concerned they wouldn't time the temperature of all the components right, but it was perfect. The eggs were cooked over easy and my bacon crispy but not burt. As a waffle iron owner, I was definitely impressed with the flavor packed meal. My classic Nutella and strawberry waffle also did not disappoint. My vegan friend and I spent much of the first 15 minutes eating. Our lattes were delicious.Finally, I would say they have a loud speaker installed so they can call your name and you can come down to pick up the food by the front counter on the first floor. When we went, the loud speaker was broken so they just shouted your name and you could hear just fine. The place does get packed--I hope they can expand into a bigger store front soon with some waiting service. It definitely has the potential. A great stop for sure!", 4, 2], "sPjyKWqOIcR1gx-JGplYbA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/10/2016", "Great waffles place! I love that we have the option of customizing the type of waffle we want. I got Mr. Popular and it was awesome. Great place to go to for dessert, breakfast or for a snack!", 4, 0], "keLXdGUF836eO7V8fdX5Mg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/4/2016", "We went to get some waffles as we were walking down the commons to shop. It was early afternoon, and there were a few people waiting but no one in line. We ordered, and waited around 15 minutes for our waffles to come up. We had an option to sit upstairs or next to the kitchen, and we sat in the latter, next to a window. I ate the usual, a waffle with Nutella, strawberry and whipped cream. It was very tasty, but somehow when I ordered it I imagined a waffle smothered in Nutella when it was only a drizzle. Probably healthier the way it was made at waffle frolic . My friend ate a waffle with peanut butter and fried bananas. It smelled and tasted sweet and solid.", 4, 1], "NWhnave8jdi8IOVQnV89gg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/4/2016", "This is my niece's new favorite place. You can't beat a waffle that was just made a la minute for you. Waffles are sizable- even the single. I got my buckwheat waffle with apple butter and it was delicious. Everyone in the party was pleased and left full. There was a steady stream of folks the whole time we were there. The wait was longer than we thought it would be. Plenty of seating upstairs and down. Atmosphere is casual. My teenage son decided it would be a good place to bring his friends.", 4, 0], "WpUncIrTeWM-Ek2crhpHMA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/8/2015", "One of the highlights of the Ithaca Commons. Great to eat there at any time of day, and always expect to get something different because everything on the menu can easily be someone's favorite.", 4, 0], "HAG6UIPoSvbt6Tzf9Unwig": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/24/2015", "This place is packed every time I've ever been in. They serve anything you can imagine on a waffle, and the portions are huge. Go for breakfast any time of the day down in the commons. Highly recommended.", 5, 0], "43Cl-1_n6GXcj6iJ0JnvRQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/18/2015", "I love how they have vegan waffles! This place is always packed. I wish the ambience was a bit better, but it's still awesome.", 4, 0], "OfpB3t0b-LIr86uI6rpU7Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/13/2015", "Quick, solid breakfast. A good option that will keep you full before you head out on a 4 hour hike... If you're into that kinda thing.The waffle was super light and you must dip it in their maple syrup. The egg and bacon offer a savory complement to the dish. The small was more than filling for me. They even gave me the over flow batter so I got more like 1.5 waffles. Coffee was decent, they'll serve it in a mug too if you eat in. Gluten free waffles too! The man friend was satisfied.Line was short when we arrived close to 10am. By the time we left it was starting to get busier as the college kids started rolling in. It's an order at the counter kinda place. Be sure to check the specials menu for some extra hearty, extra tasty looking meals. I was intrigued by the grilled cheese options too! Seating area upstairs was spacious. Good for larger groups. Many people pushed tables together up there. They have a bunch of games and books if you feel like hanging for a while.", 4, 18], "NVoLyvFb-uaLyI-sxN_QVg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/12/2015", "Went here on a Saturday afternoon for a brunch type meal with my friend. The line was very long; we waited around 20 minutes to order food. They have quite a wide variety of items. The food was ready under 10 minutes. The silverware and water is self-serve. I ordered the frolic sandwich and got a large cafe au lait. The cafe au lait was very good; the coffee does not have a sharp or bitter taste. The frolic sandwich was really great; you could really taste the apple butter and the caramelized onions. My only complaint is that the food items are very pricey for the amount you get. I would definitely come here again.", 4, 0], "YTOCB1dhB98THoovJEmwxg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/12/2015", "Went here over the weekend while visiting my son at college. It was delicious! Didn't know what to order so we got the chicken & waffles, waffle Florentine special, classic waffles with sausage & the fried eggs (cooked hard) w/ bacon waffles, all very YUMMY! The staff was very friendly and everything was cooked as asked. Can't wait to visit to eat here again, and again!!", 5, 0], "bqJulTMi2MQ6MOIvISvWbQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/11/2015", "I never leave waffle frolic disappointed. There is usually quite a line, but always worth the wait. Quality foods and brands you can trust. They carry Purity Ice cream as well , a local favorite. Buttermilk waffles with free range fried chicken and I could not be happier.", 5, 0], "YtjZR4yd8nT3RetRh1rVpw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/30/2015", "Every time I go I get something new, although my ultimate favorite is their waffle with fried chicken. You can't wrong with anything from their coffee to grilled cheese. Enjoy!", 4, 0], "dm2JwdvFXnNm9gB6T-sr6g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/27/2015", "The waffles themselves were really great - nice, warm, and fluffy. The twin waffle was pretty large, and definitely left me satisfied in terms of portion size. The toppings on my waffle were also nice, but admittedly on the skimpy side. For me, this is where the compliments end. The iced coffee was horrible. It tasted overroasted and stale. One of the worst coffees I've had period, but also not a deal breaker because coffee clearly isn't their specialty. Also, they only had fake maple syrup, which was super disappointing. Real maple syrup would have boosted the whole waffle experience ten fold.Come for the experience. Come to say that you've been. Come to fill your waffle craving, or to get your fill of Purity ice cream. Don't come with lofty expectations or you will be disappointed.", 3, 0], "0g3S6YvoEn03QQBTfxvzrg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/26/2015", "I would trade in my boyfriend for a life time supply of this waffle. Incredible. I really don't think there is much more to say other than get to waffle frolic NOW.", 5, 1], "AXljEMPPC-f0J5leH4hxYw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/20/2015", "Homemade lemon curd will save your life. Buckwheat waffles will bring you to tears of joy. Fried chicken and waffles will cure you of all that ails you.And the grilled cheeses... Oh my.", 5, 0], "AyGeEoXLlN3KknQy7yHA7w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/10/2015", "Great coffee, great food, and say hi to chris chi the rapper who regularly hangs out!", 5, 0], "NiehVd4Lv4-WsfVhmxhS-w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/30/2015", "Fun menu. Everything waffles. A little pricey. Food comes out really quick. All the fruit seems very fresh. Defiantly try this place.", 4, 0], "nt1roTwbLQAX6kMJXwHJnA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/30/2015", "So disappointing! We decided to try waffle frolic despite some very mixed reviews. I'm very lactose intolerant and was sad that the only milk free waffle was gluten free and vegan. I ordered the vegan waffle with bananas. It was very chewy with an odd flavor and seemed undercooked. The bananas on top were black throughout the center. My boyfriend ordered the bacon and eggs waffle. He described it as boring and bland. The waffle was not crispy at all and it was slightly undercooked in the middle.", 2, 0], "C9lV3jJrb_5RocjmChh5Qw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/27/2015", "Why are you wasting time reading reviews? All you need to know is this place is awesome if you like waffles. I daydream about the waffles at waffle frolic when I'm not in Ithaca. My favorite has to be their Mr. Popular- which is popular for obvious reasons- it's so good! Nutella, fresh fruit, syrup and whipped cream! What more could you possibly ask for?! (If you said ice cream, they have that, too).", 5, 1], "KqspUWRq_MyxWOMWvhwhaA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/20/2015", "Came here for breakfast. Ordered the twin with eggs and bacon. Flavor was okay. I prefer to eat my waffles with butter and no syrup. The waffles didn't seem to have much butter on them and they wanted to charge for butter.Fun decor. Prices were decent. Would return.", 4, 0], "wqQcnGYePeB4LGlng0DE_A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/16/2015", "Seriously one of the best things I've eaten during my visit in Ithaca. I had the original buttermilk waffle with fresh strawberries, whipped cream, and Nutella. It was to die for. It's a bit pricey, but it's more worth it to get the twin size than the single. I shared the twin with my mom but I'm pretty sure I could have had the whole twin to myself!", 5, 2], "UxtoSef-YcXaYfW9Ah1jIA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/13/2015", "I want to like this place I really do. This morning was my third time here in about a year. The waffles are good, although the coffee does taste watered down. But it's dirty! Every time I've come the counters are sticky (even 30 minutes after opening). I'm sitting here watching people wipe down their own tables and inspect the silver wear and look through several before picking one that they then wipe down with napkins. And the staff doesn't look presentable and is moving at a glacial place. I've tried but no more waffle frolic for me.", 2, 1], "haCV3tcctsWpctXbyW0bYw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/22/2015", "I ordered the Mr. Popular. Sounds great in concept but I don't recommend going here and ordering something like that if you're hungry. This is not meant to be negative, the waffles are really good, but if you don't watch what you're doing you could get overwhelmed with sweetness. And typically it's not a good idea to eat sweet food when you're really hungry. They do have savory options including chicken and waffles for any southerners in the area.", 4, 0], "pqYOO6QWQ5Lh-7k76lTP9Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/17/2015", "Slammin! Couldn't make up my mind between savory and sweet and got both egg/sausage waffle and lemon curd on cornbread waffle... I am forever addicted to cornbread waffles if they are made like this... Never big on waffles till now.And, the dirty chai... Perfect balance and solid flavor.", 5, 0], "nO0pzoc9TiSpGhqKQZuNAw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/15/2015", "Believe the hype. I only came to this establishment based off other Yelp reviews and luckily they were all correct in giving this place a high rating. For a fair price you get a very large waffle; even their half size is quite large and will leave you full. I got the almond joy waffle and it was perfect. There was enough of each ingredient to make it tasty and decadent without being overly sweet or gooey. It consisted of chocolate sauce, almond butter sauce and shredded coconut. Maybe it could have used a bit more coconut, but there was enough to get the point across. Their almond butter sauce was absolutely delicious, runny and easy to spread. The same can be said about their peanut butter sauce, which my boyfriend had on his waffle, and couldn't stop raving about. Also their coffee is delicious with a smooth taste and no graininess. Don't be afraid to go for dinner instead of lunch - that's what we did and we don't regret it! They have waffles for any meal here, so check them out.", 5, 0], "Gl5XfmfjWbCV3KNXGFWeDw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/3/2015", "Went there during Cornell reunion and I was amazed on how good it was. The Hangover was freaking delishhh.. Might have to come to Ithaca more often", 5, 0], "tAFme2YJB2PUf0CzOyGc3A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/16/2015", "I had been hearing about Waffle Frolic for quite a long time so my expectations were pretty high, and it absolutely did not disappoint! My friend and I ordered the Elvis waffle (peanut butter, banana, and the perfect amount of honey) and a strawberry Nutella waffle with ice cream, both of which were fantastic. I didn't try any of the lunch type options, like the waffle batter sandwiches, but they looked interesting. If you want to play it safe then you definitely can. They have a great list of pre-designed waffles as well as the option to create your own. If you want to make your way through ALL the combinations... You'd better start soon :)", 5, 2], "8ckikKNrn8PcF8n99YBpmA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/5/2015", "Waffle Frolic is a great place to grab dessert (or to just have dessert for dinner). I like that you can pick your own toppings. It does get expensive if you add a lot of toppings but typically two or three toppings is all you need. They offer different type of waffles (buckwheat, etc) and even waffles that are more of a meal and less like dessert. Lots of seating! They also serve purity ice cream which is a plus. The only drawback is that it can get expensive for dessert (compared to just getting a scoop of ice crema somewhere else) and that because its in the commons you cant park right next to it.", 4, 0], "MAyTvMPvEQEOSlRVaOZquw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/2/2015", "Frolic in waffles I did, at least my mouth did... I had my first chicken & waffle here, and I'm glad that this place took my first :'). Here's how my first time went:- The syrup and the hot sauce that came with the dish were a harmonious duo that kept me asking for more.- The waffle was cooked perfectly as well as the chicken was fried. It was perfect.- I had to share, so we got three plates. (Sharing is good though)Mmm.", 5, 1], "Y8pn0nLUT6ggcp89SBKv8Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/13/2015", "I was really disappointed in this place. The hipsters working there were too cool to give us a warm greeting when I can here with my wife. They were very awkward and I almost wanted to turn around and leave but I had been wanting to eat here. Our waffles were good, but WAY overpriced. I also wondered if the chili on my waffle was leftover chili and not made fresh... They could've been more helpful by telling us where the condiments were. The bussing section where we put our plates was very messing and gross. I know it's a garbage area, but keep it as clean as you can. Last but not least, the worst part was the hip girl working who would not SHUT UP. She was cussing, talking SO loud, literally yelling, telling stories about her having road rage. I guess she was just completely oblivious to the people in there eating and who did not wanna here her annoying voice and immature stories. How trashy of her to be cussing like that with people in there eating. Pretty lame experience here. Shame, because this could be a really cool place. Too bad it's run by a bunch of adolescent hipsters with no manners or respect for their customers.", 2, 1], "lfNRm_s-WjmK0CbspDbjYQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/3/2015", "I've been waiting to try Waffle Frolic for almost two years and wish I'd gone sooner. Large waffles in two sizes (single and twin... Don't worry, there are actual size pictures near the menu to help make your choice). made fresh to order with choice of batter and toppings are all a recipe for delicious success.The establishment is split between two levels. The ground floor is the kitchen and ordering space, and upstairs is entirely filled with seating. Small silver tables with matching chairs allow for small groups to gather or for larger ones to pull together and perhaps play one of the board games available. It's a bit well used looking, feeling like a combination of mini school cafeteria and a friend's house's basement hangout.Waffles. Great for breakfast, brunch, lunch or snack. I had a single hearty hemp and buckwheat waffle with peanut butter and honey. Delicious! The waffle was lightly crispy outside with a warm fluffy inside. The peanut butter was drizzled across generously without completely drowning the waffle, and there was a good pour of honey to taste without sending me into a diabetic coma. My boyfriend had a twin buttermilk with chocolate sauce and strawberries. I'm thoroughly impressed at how they heaped whole fresh strawberries onto the order. I must say I spied a waffle across the room topped with huge scoops of ice cream (which I believe is all vegan soy) which left me envious. Next time. I'm also interested in a savory combination... Turkey chili and waffle sound like a match made in heaven.Orders are taken along with your name which is broadcast over speakers upstairs and downstairs when ready. You can stand in the sunny downstairs area sipping coffee while you wait (don't worry, they have lattes and cappuccinos in addition to regular drip) or hang out upstairs. There's a case of other typical Ithaca hippy drinks I've come to expect: unfiltered organic apple juice, mate iced tea, kombucha, etc.I will waffle and I will frolic. Preferably together and as often as possible when in Ithaca.", 3, 1], "cdIrQnwjnSbYW2irRWrEmg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/28/2015", "This may be a little counterintuitive since I'm writing a review for a grilled cheese at a waffle restaurant, but I just wanted to say that it made a pretty good snack. The portion was quite small, but perfect for what I was craving after eating a less-than-satisfying lunch. I'm sure the waffles are equally as delicious.", 4, 11], "spEDTeOIUzuKIQZ-SnsFHQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "2/2/2015", "Great little place, amazing waffles. The variety of options they give you is amazing and their staff is always really friendly! I like being able to sit upstairs but sometimes the hassle of balancing multiple plates and cups is daunting. Still--one of Ithaca's charmers.", 5, 0], "n3cu9fX3WUxDi3CfrzoK_g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/12/2015", "Great place of sweet or savory waffles. Their waffles are big and full of fully deliciousness. My favorite is their caramel apple waffle. Its the perfect balance of sweet and salty. You can also add a scoop of ice cream on top. They also have one of the best spiced apple ciders during the fall.", 5, 0], "IhG-d1kNuDFFh3--iFQPtQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "1/6/2015", "I have been to Waffle Frolic many times and have never had a bad or even a mediocre experience. They have ample vegan options as well as many other dietary needs. I also had the opportunity to interview the owner once, and she's really cool and seems to genuinely care about her customers.Quality food, unique dining experience, right in one of the cultural hot spots in Ithaca. This is one of my favorite places to take Ithaca newbies to eat. Frolic on!", 5, 0], "uSGUlGocq2MpFCMTtBvGJw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/16/2014", "I love Waffle Frolic. Best buttermilk waffles I've ever had and they have super fun and delicious specials! Really awesome environment, love the extended new room and superb service.", 5, 0], "kcytaL5YiU_Qob6sg4Bstg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/25/2014", "Fun place with a different twist on waffles.Went to there for the first time on the Monday morning after a waitress at a local bar suggested that it would be a different kind of breakfast spot if we didn't want the normal eggs and bacon. After walking in I was a little confused on how to order and how the menu worked. I told the Guy at the counter that it was my first time and he helped me out. Everything looked great and I didn't know what to pick I ended up choosing the Alvis which was delicious also had the dirty chai which is a chai tea with a shot of espresso! It was awesome and I would definitely go back and pick something else off the menu. The only thing that wasn't's amazing was it was a tad bit dirty, I had to go through several forks to find one that was clean and also all the tables in the back had not been wiped off, I chalked it up to them just being busy from the morning rush. Everyone was super friendly and the food was great and different. A few dirty forks won't turn me away (-:", 4, 0], "OjVVgldwmaSU_DqAhVSD-w": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/25/2014", "If Leslie Knope left Pawnie and came to Ithaca, JJ's Diner COULDN'T COMPARE to Waffle Frolic's waffles. It amazes me that the owners opened this shop right out of college (almost 5-6 years ago now), and it's been running smoothly ever since. There are a lot of niche shops in Ithaca, but due to the abundance of coffee shops, the waffles definitely are the big draw. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE getting coffee here. They make every latte with love.", 5, 0], "KoRm_sNjbP7f89S4vc8ayg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/12/2014", "InFuckingCredible!!!! You can't ever go wrong with waffles. It's amazing how much stuff you can put on one. Everyone here is also super friendly...If your here you must come to WaffleFrolic!", 5, 1], "Aj44kUBmEfJlUsGCvKJKtw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/5/2014", "Insane waiting time to order! 8am on Sat morn. Too slow. Had a good product. But flow rate for service was tough. Must have patience!", 3, 0], "9Zr-o-QnyExzmZhd-5ty_g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/20/2014", "This place actually deserves a four-star but it's really too expensive! The waffle is amazing but half of a waffle with banns and ice cream costs 8dollars! The service is also slow.", 3, 0], "FU6dfbhZx8k2qkARBp_p7Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/14/2014", "I come here nearly every weekend I'm in Ithaca and order a relatively basic waffle and coffee. Both are surprisingly delicious treats; I was surprised by how consistently good the coffee is, in fact. At first, service was a bit scattershot, but the management seem to have gotten a hang of things and it's improved immensely over the last year. Waffle Frolic has actually been so successful that they've expanded into the space next door.That's especially good news because I was never a big fan of the joint's original layout: most of the seating being upstairs, requiring a shuffle down to grab your order (or a long wait before even going after a table) and then a careful walk up with what might be multiple cups and/or plates. I think the upper floor has also suffered from some neglect - something about the seating upstairs looked both a bit cheap and/or tired even from day one and could use some more sprucing up, though I see that the stools next to the second-story windows have been improved, which shows they're attending to the issue. This space also looks like it could stand to be more frequently cleaned, too, or at least freshened up paintwise. And while I like the idea of the library hidden in a back corner, but it almost seems like someone's forgotten, just-exposed closet: it should be expanded and highlighted more.", 4, 0], "fAGZu64wIN-eRX1ZFgbfJQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/11/2014", "I am seriously staving angry that I was not afforded the opportunity to frolic with my pretty decent waffle and tea.", 4, 0], "LEssEGJ4Yvl-9eVSOrnTyA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/25/2014", "I love this place. I stop by every time I'm in area. Sweet, savory, the grilled cheese they are all delicious. I was happy to see this past weekend when i stopped in that they got a speaker system which allowed for customers to place their orders and then grab seats which made the first floor not as crowded and easier for flow throughout the whole place.", 4, 0], "HQ7v3jkHXxmjxB94kposOA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/5/2014", "Quite an interesting place; great food and great service! It's a little echoey inside, and the setup is a bit strange, but the atmosphere is great, and I think the prices are fair. For those of you who care to visit, you order your food at the cashier, not directly from the people who make it (which is normally how people order food at places like this). Another great part of this place: it's extremely environmentally conscious, and there are plenty options for vegans and vegetarians.", 5, 0], "n9iNQnOM8wMJV_FOAbqakQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/4/2014", "Delicious waffles. Vegan/gluten free option. Lots of topping choices. Hot drinks not great.", 4, 0], "A5Hh0tMhG-FkPTrodkn-SQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/25/2014", "Upsides: Tasty! Vegan options! Fresh fruit on the waffles! Cool art on the walls. Games & books upstairs for kids. Downsides: Expensive. Slow service. Really loud/echo-y upstairs so if your kids are sensitive to noise, go elsewhere.", 3, 0], "KkZVkX3UhWrn81LOYcH6oA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/5/2014", "Waffle was tasty but not worth the 30 minute wait at the counter. I wouldn't bother to go back.", 2, 1], "VY5e0TdF5diS-Ha8uHshfQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/30/2014", "The service isn't great. My waffle looked nice and tasted nice. I went with my roommates and they thought the waffles were sweet. I agreed, because they are...waffles. Waffles are sweet. Anyway, I got a twin waffle with Nutella and a fried banana. The fried banana was my favourite part. They gave me and my roommates our waffles at different times which was stupid because I got mine before any of them and it got cold.", 3, 1], "4JOFz-zoND0ogzvn_VC1nw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/13/2014", "On any other day I would tell you that this is the best place on earth. .... But we get there today and they are closed. I have no words to tell you how sad I am. We only get to this area once a year and this is a MUST go to. I am Soooo sad and pissed.", 5, 0], "gHfSflvQd7xaK7S8n0ykmg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "5/20/2014", "Excellent fried chicken and waffle. I miss Ithaca!!", 5, 0], "s46y9eYekYypBPyjqnlrhg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "4/15/2014", "I was at Cornell for a recruiting event and stopped by for breakfast before hitting the road. As others have stated the service in this place is poor at best. I waked in and was ignored by the snotty kid behind the bar. I was the only person in the place and decided to see how long it would take for him to acknowledge my presence. After about 2 minutes I finally had to demand his attention to place an order. After I ordered he went about organizing some tea containers on the counter instead of making my order. I would have not minded if it wasn't for the fact that 3 or 4 customers came in to order coffee he served them all before starting my order. There was another worker in the back milling around who could not be bothered to make my order. I am not the type of person who needs there ass kissed at a restaurant but when I am the only person in the place and it takes you 10 minutes to even start my order that is ridiculous. To top it off the waffles were ok At best. I would not go back!", 2, 4], "zHNvOJNYbyluh28Ibu6bnQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "3/7/2014", "We were visiting from out if town and wanted to find something gluten free. We had the gluten free waffle/egg/bacon and the vegetable burger. Wow! Amazing tasting food and incredible service. Tip, the twin waffles are huge! Glad we stopped here.", 5, 3], "aWKlF7j4BdJ-XZxRBexqbA": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "12/5/2013", "i liked the ice cream with waffles! seats are not conformable otherwise a good place for a afternoon novel time.", 4, 0], "J8ggAn8rA9UMH8bhLy-4ZQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/18/2013", "Went here cause nothing else looked good! The set up in this place is a bit difficult, since most of the seating is upstairs. I got the Chicken and Waffles, which was pretty good, I've definitely had better, but again, it wasn't bad... My gf ordered the Tomato soup and they gave us chili, but whatever, it was good. The mocha latte was awful... All in all this place is ok, it is mostly teenagers who work here so what do ya expect... Not trying to be agist, but seriously...", 3, 0], "FuJGB6JeAWna4GKHRQ5wYw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "11/4/2013", "Have not come to try any of the foods but have had the Chai Milk Shake several times, I highly recommend this very creamy and flavorful beverage even during an icy Ithaca day.", 4, 1], "h7IhRzXdpBz-EEmT5YCC_A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/25/2013", "The vegan mushroom garlic grilled cheese with tomato soup is perfect for a lunch or lite dinner. Waffle Frolic really nailed grilling the daiya grilled cheese.", 5, 0], "OF3WGwoVn-_aBrTLC990iw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/25/2013", "There is something for everyone here! I have had the lemon curd, a turkey burger and an ice cream waffle. All excellent! I do wish the seating was a little less cold and cafeteria-ish. Prices are a little high, but not for Ithaca!", 4, 2], "B66YVDZydPfORYDAN6u4gQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/25/2013", "Bring 2 peeps to devour a Waffle Frolic ice cream sandwich! Two nicely crispy waffles, two big scoops of Purity ice cream (6 flavors to choose from), slathered with freshly whipped cream *and* lashed with chocolate and caramel sauces. Off the hook. Not cheap at $10 and there's a notable wait while they make it. Free ice water upstairs :)", 3, 0], "QyiOEb_XO4xlpIUQiEZz2Q": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/14/2013", "I wanted to avoid 1) driving and 2) my hotel restaurant so my boyfriend and I ended up at this place. I thought this was more of a sitdown place but its more like Panera Bread. Order your food then pick it up and sit down. Line was long but it moved fast. You have a choice of a single or twin waffle. Obviously a twin waffle is more money.Overall, waffles were good and fried chicken was amazing.Waffles were good but presentation was sad? They were on paper plates. Ordered a side of eggs, also as my boyfriend pointed out, \"it's sad looking\" My single fried chicken and waffles, side of eggs, plus my boyfriend's eggs and bacon on a single waffle plus an iced americano came to $22 which wasn't bad at all.", 3, 4], "l72MQvAyubUpxRVqtSUU6g": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "10/6/2013", "I am really a waffle lover. However, this place is disappointing for me. Since they are called waffle frolic, I really expected they will make fantastic waffle... However, comparing to the old teahouse which is right outside campus in collegetown. The waffle at Waffle Frolic is small on both waffle and ice cream. They don't have much stuffs on the waffle except the icecream either. It's more pricy. And it's usually a very long wait for ordering as well as for the waffle, since they are at such a great location.", 2, 2], "Kq0j-qzxGoO48-_oA9FClQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/30/2013", "I live in NYC, and yet this is the first place I have ever encountered both a vegan and gluten free waffle in public. Love!", 4, 1], "S8GqRBM0_xW1LHROeA9PBQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "9/1/2013", "Great selection of waffles, great coffee, and everyone that worked there was really nice. I will deffinelty be coming back", 5, 1], "_cNzxgud8w8u8eHA4qpumQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/28/2013", "I love breakfast! I was excited to try Waffle Frolic and wasn't disappointed. Props for having buckwheat waffles. We got one with banana, peanut butter and honey (the Elvis) and the other one with banana, strawberries and nutella. The waffles were good, slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They also have savory waffles, which I would have liked to try. The prices were okay, about $6 for a twin sized waffle and additional charges fort the toppings. You order at the counter and they'll call you pick up your order. I noticed that people tended to stay to study there.. so with limited seating, it can get crowded.", 4, 1], "nVJgK33xdv_raTpGq6_PJw": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/20/2013", "Ok, by the time I actually got my waffle, I was starved and would have probably eaten almost anything, however, the service and setup of this place is really atrocious. There is literally nowhere to stand while waiting and by the time you actually get to the counter, you are met by surly and confused staff personnel. We were there with a large group, which is why we could not leave. I have to admit, however, that the waffle (hemp and buckwheat with walnuts and granola) was delicious; crisp and sweet. Was it worth the wait -- I don't think so!", 2, 0], "kcO1if8attON664LF_40wQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "8/17/2013", "The food was ok but the staff was horrible. The line didn't move well. No one smiled. And then they messed up my order so I had to wait more than 30 minutes for a couple of waffles. No notice. No apologies. These kids need some adult supervision.", 2, 0], "D3hA72BuDYqOVqOmxBDhqQ": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/16/2013", "I was really looking forward to my waffles but they had a RUBBERY taste that totally disappointed. Boo hoo. Not recommended. And service was very slow.", 1, 0], "i7I8M8_GaE9Y9DhstsGsWg": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "7/12/2013", "Shared a twin waffle with bacon and eggs and an americano. The waffle itself was okay - nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, but it was bland. The bacon and eggs were delicious and cooked perfectly. The coffee was good but a little on the sweet side. Service was so slow. The person working at the register seriously acted like they were on muscle relaxers. I had to repeat my order three times while she stared vacantly into space and slooooowly found the right buttons to press. So that was pretty weird. The food was expensive for brunch, but a lot of their ingredients are local and/or organic. Why can't anyone here manage to wipe down a table? Every single one upstairs was sticky.Still, a fun place to check out if you're not in a hurry and you don't put your elbows on the table.", 3, 10], "L9uuOEMRrN4oXtgR6zOt4A": ["Yelp", "Waffle Frolic", "6/7/2013", "Lots of varieties of waffles will greet you to this restaurant in the Ithaca Commons. It's a restaurant that seemed to be very popular with college students, at least during the time I went to (which would be noon, an early brunch hour). You get a lot of choices when it comes to waffles. You can have your traditional breakfast waffles, chicken and waffles or even dessert waffles. Also, if you're not in the mood for waffles, you can order other food there as well.In my case, I was tempted to order the chicken and waffles, but I decided to have something more sweet than savory. Ultimately, I decided to order the classic buttermilk waffles with my choice of toppings, which you do pay extra for. So my waffles were topped with ice cream and chocolate chips, which made for a good dessert type waffle. I also washed down my meal with an Italian soda. The food was filling and delicious. A little bit different food before an afternoon hike, but I enjoyed my meal nonetheless, and would certainly consider coming back here in the future.", 4, 1]}
{"spIXXP1Nu7eU3SvSkmOQnQ": ["Yelp", "Little Caesars Pizza", "2/23/2019", "Stopped here at 8:10 pm to get crazy bread needed to use the restroom and was told it had just been cleaned for the night and I couldnt use it. Bad customer service. Will stop in Cortland instead", 1, 0], "hbmaiZ5cTd3989uzWX3a6A": ["Yelp", "Little Caesars Pizza", "1/23/2018", "Never Hot and Ready at lunch time in Ithaca.", 1, 0], "gL7ItV-BMr36R4hTcnmEEw": ["Yelp", "Little Caesars Pizza", "8/31/2017", "I was utterly disappointed as I had hoped to have a quick in and out experience at this establishment. When I entered the restaurant with my friend we purchased 3- $5.00 Lunch boxes to deliver to our office. Gerald J, The cashier, informed us that two were ready and it would be \"8 minutes\" on the last box. As we were standing at the counter, one more customer had arrived and we were greeted with \"are you finished?\" by the cashier which was his rude attempt to ask us to move. We sat down in the two chairs provided and waited...and waited...and waited....4 people came in after us and each walked out with a $5.00 lunch box. When our food finally came out we shared that we had been there and were waiting on the lunch boxes and saw 4 go out in the time that we were sitting there and were confused as to why we spent well over 20 minutes waiting. The cashier, Gerald, was snotty and said \"well your food just wasn't ready in the time that you wanted it\" this food is not \"hot and ready\" but rather \"cold and gross\"", 1, 2]}
{"CKwmIoxLjkgrKSV3sDw9yA": ["Yelp", "Franny\u2019s Food Truck", "9/25/2018", "This is probably the best food for it's price on campus. Everything I have gotten there has been excellent. They have great vegetarian options as tofu can be used instead of meat on most dishes. If you're unsure of what to get, the staff is super friendly and helpful. I highly recommend the Bahn Mi and Phorrito.", 5, 0], "bNO420xIgOvAQPohAUy3xQ": ["Yelp", "Franny\u2019s Food Truck", "5/18/2016", "Not really sure why this has any bad reviews. Interesting ethnic menu, quick service, high-quality food. Arguably best food truck on campus. Summer rolls, pork dumplings, horchata, banh mi, pork buns, and dosa dillas all really good - can't go wrong at Franny's.", 5, 1], "QTZhanTy-2CZiZ9bmjLm5g": ["Yelp", "Franny\u2019s Food Truck", "11/24/2015", "This place has weird timing (not sure if they have a website). They'll close in the afternoon even though the employees are found chit-chatting inside the truck. It's also placed in a weird location. If you come between 3-3:45, it might be closed. You can either wait for it to open or give up on eating there. They do make yummy dosadillas though.", 2, 0], "_ha6D11iBs3MKfck2NSmRA": ["Yelp", "Franny\u2019s Food Truck", "9/14/2014", "Possibly the best food now available on Cornell's campus, Franny's is a food truck located behind Sibley Hall, Cornell's architecture school. The \"truck\" is actually a trailer that turns into a glowing box at night, and its sleek minimalist aesthetic would be completely at home in a hip design district of a major world city. Its cuisine is almost at the same level. Good noodle dishes and passable dosas (a rarity in Ithaca) make for a nice blend of pan-Asian dishes, with some Mexican options as well, including a delicious hibiscus agua fresca. Nothing here is as good as you might find in an \"authentic\" Vietnamese, Indian, or Mexican restaurant, but it's really, really good for a food truck in rural upstate New York that's making a stab at preparing dishes from all three cuisines. The opening hours (til 9, which is really convenient for those who work late on campus) are helpful, too.", 4, 1]}
{"VmhhrO1oUNaGqD_qxhcyIw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/18/2019", "A quality Rangoon requires a hearty crunch. These had zero crunch at all. Unique shape to them resembled a doggy bag, poor display. Left disappointed. Goon Quality: 2.5/10-Goon Guy 1The crab rangoons were very subpar. I would not exactly recommend to a friend as they were a bit soggy and lacked true flavor. Goon Quality: 2.1/10-Goon Guy 2Overall GQ: 2.3", 2, 0], "ySfGYY2cIjwa3a-V__VJ5w": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/8/2018", "Our ToGo restaurant in C Town. There are classics and surprises everyday. saucy but tasty!", 5, 0], "DUZ_kJaIXlUCUemsuEEWHg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/27/2018", "Fast food restaurant on par with Chinese university campus canteens. Could be pretty handy when the weather is bad since it is right there in the college town. Mostly Asian customers among whom a huge percentage are Chinese. Bonus: you could access the most famous Chinese brand coconut juice here which is not available elsewhere in Ithaca as far as I am concerned", 4, 0], "fVp-ze8UTVQ2GAFjSOLkAA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/2/2018", "Standard hole-in-the-wall Chinese takeout joint. Your choice of 2-3 items from the warming trays over rice. It's cheap, filling, fast, and open late. I see lots of complaints about cleanliness in other reviews (insects in food etc.), which I'm completely indifferent to. I typically love this sort of place, but the food here is just bland. Not worth eating here except in a pinch.", 2, 0], "OPg8DUrC5M9JXHLgfcQPZQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "7/14/2018", "Pretty good for a takeout/delivery option. Order arrived to our hotel room about 45 minutes after we called it in, which was fine. The food was typical takeout, we had eggrolls, shrimp lo mein, and General Tso's chicken. Eggrolls were a little greasy, but had good flavor. Not the best I've ever had, but definitely not the worst. I'd order again and try something different.", 3, 1], "FQJgNhC__sa405qILF77mQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/25/2018", "Well, I can start by saying the food is really delicious. But it ends there. Today I found a small roach in my noodle soup which means they are breeding on premises. I ordered delivery and both times took an hour - hour and a half to get to me. I didn't mind the wait since the food was worth it but I won't be ordering from here again, unfortunately. Clean the kitchen and fix the bug issue.", 2, 4], "F9WPknC9CRxNE4pAylZADA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/15/2018", "The two visits I've made to Apollo, I've come down with food poisoning: diarrhea and vomiting. Absent of the fact that the food was served lukewarm, which itself was flavorless and unpleasant. There just wasn't any passion into the cooking.(Note: Apollo has 10 critical and 2 non-critical violations in their most recent inspection - the most by far of any establishment in the county. That explains many of their issues.)", 1, 4], "hDDGzvCuVPvjpyA9szkbnw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "11/25/2017", "BAD SERVICE. SUPER SLOW DELIVERY. Not worth the pre-paid tip I gave them for delivery. It's been an hour since I ordered and I live 5 minutes of walking from them. Yet still I haven't got my food. The only reason I'm ordering is because I'm super busy to walk and wait for food and I'm super hungry. The estimated delivery time is 25-45 minutes, but WHERE IS MY FOOD?Also not highly expecting food quality, as I've eaten at this place before. Their hot pot was just blandly salty. Nothing like real Chinese food. Even worse than most American Chinese foods I've had. But I was craving for Chinese and this is the only Chinese delivery I could find.", 1, 0], "N8z3eENTy4ex68jP5Is0OA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/9/2017", "Over an hour for delivery and the food was Luke warm as bland at best. Won't make that mistake again.", 2, 0], "XZWwQiZ5AE_EnbLo3W50PQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/6/2017", "I am sorry, but even for an asian american this place is not very good. The string beans had a faint spoiled taste and smell.The fried rice was really dry and had no flavor. I would not recommend this place at all.", 1, 0], "PX7uUOV5EuOC2n31MwzAXQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "7/3/2017", "Our vegan family really loves the veggie options at this place. The vegetarian sesame chicken is incredible; our kids love the bean curd with mixed vegetables. We also love the green beans and the greens, and the scallion pancakes. The scallion and tofu fried rice is really delicious too (we order it without egg).", 5, 2], "-5wu8LizwaZ019Tp9uSioQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "6/7/2017", "Ya know, I consider myself an extremely optimistic person. I look on the bright side of life, always try to compromise to avoid conflict, and I give people the benefit of the doubt. So when I read these reviews that said a lot of negative things, I thought, \"Maybe it won't be terrible!\" I also thought, \"I'm drunk and this is the only place that delivers Chinese food right now!\"S/O to the delivery man. He was very nice and it probably sucks delivering food late at night. But even his boyish charm couldn't mask the fact that what I ate tasted what I imagine dirty toilet water to taste like. Like STRIKINGLY similar. Like I would not be surprised if they quite literally took a dump in a toilet, took the food that I ordered, submerged it in said toilet, waited until the noodles soaked up all that murky brown swamp juice, and put it in a to-go bag.Apollo, I thank you. Not for your disgusting dumpster noodles, but for teaching me that the world is an ugly place. People aren't all like that sweet lil shawty who handed me a bag full of your spoiled pork with a sewer gutter glaze. People can hurt you when you put your faith in them. I'll never forget you, Apollo. But I'll also never order from your trash restaurant again.", 1, 6], "kLKD2QfayDuMDTf-BsA9zg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "5/9/2017", "Wish the pan fried noodles were not so full of corn starch and fake tasting noodles... I had gotten delivery and it took about an hour and a half. I used to do delivery as my job so I understand the pressures, so that wasn't a problem for me. The food needs to change though.", 2, 0], "8K4WwAEdxcl9qVqZ2kSdNw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "1/28/2017", "Ordered my food at 10:30pm and now it's pass 12am but still hasn't been delivered. The driver is not answering the phone and the restaurant didn't give me refund for that. Terrible service.", 1, 0], "yESfsY-Qd1l-BdAFe3xW0g": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/30/2016", "I just ordered a some food witch is gross but there was a bug inside a piece of shrimp I'm sick I'm only giving one star because I can't give 0", 1, 2], "xHGoGacZdF7fHjZCwbO7FA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "11/5/2016", "I ordered delivery and the warm food arrived in the time frame given.The food was excellent. I had won ton soup, which wasn't overly salty as it often is. The dumplings were very good. The shrimp egg roll was good, full of shrimp and nicely spiced.The beef with scallions was delicious, and the beef was plentiful.Good choice.", 5, 0], "jAXI8GihjtXsTV-GieePYQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/14/2016", "It satisfies for what it is: a casual, convenient Chinese take-out joint. Super convenient and relatively clean, great central location in Collegetown. The food quality is consistent and I don't think it's too greasy or sickeningly flavored. The people there are really nice and I never had problems.", 4, 0], "19FfjrohExQLLjJfJXknBQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/30/2016", "Best place to eat in Cornell, not even close. Paul the owner is a great guy and always takes care of his customers. Great good, Great prices. Sweet and sour chicken? yes please!!", 5, 1], "hcgAAuYJMlpu9YCKvF-M7g": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/26/2016", "Definitely one of the better Chinese takeout places in Ithaca. Having lived in Asia, I can tell you this is heavily Americanized Chinese food. It is nothing special but in comparison to some of the really horrible Chinese takeout Ithaca is home to, this is our new go-to takeout joint. The flavors were fine, if a little bland but didn't taste like week old fryer grease (I'm looking at you Ling Ling Garden). I live downtown and delivery took a solid hour, which was OK because the Apollo was upfront with the wait time. The delivery guy was very nice and the food arrived hot. Some takeout places around here has taken up to three hours (I might be referring to Capital Corners) and then treated me like crap when I wanted a refund. Not so here, very satisfied with the delivery experience.Overall, in any normal city this would have gotten a three-star rating from me. However, here in Ithaca with our plethora of truly horrible Asian takeout, this place is pretty good. We will be returning customers. PS- My kids really, really liked the food.", 4, 0], "hvaafHQGl-Jf7ajoqntZrA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/19/2016", "The only reason that might make me come back is the price. This is probably a cheaper, if not cheapest, option of chinese food around my apartment. Personally don't think it's authentic. If I were to just rate the food, it would be two stars.", 3, 0], "VgvNMJY8kquIDCLK_ySAYQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "4/1/2016", "I only go here because it's very close to where I live. I get the chicken dishes, which are honestly really good, but very overpriced. There's a $10 credit card minimum, which is extremely annoying, so I second think most of my chances to eat here. But no worries, you won't have any trouble hitting the $10 threshold because of the exorbitant prices. Asking for brown rice instead of white also costs extra, which I don't understand.There's a worker here who started recently, this short guy who sometimes wears a fitted cap, that always has a sneer on his face and looks and acts like he wants to choke you out if you make the mistake of approaching the counter when he's on duty. Probably a relative of the owner.ALWAYS order from the back, never from the buffet. It's not worth the food poisoning. The owners are pretty cheap people, as is the case with most Chinese places. But overall a surprisingly authentic Chinese restaurant (at least from what I gathered seeing the clientele). The secret seems to be in their sauce.", 3, 0], "CtQZthMWBBYKvHL94mGABA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/7/2016", "Surprising authentic chinese food for a really good price (for collegetown) -- I eat here almost daily.", 5, 0], "9UtO4hpVHAV7gHfGG_OlEw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/21/2015", "Top 5 places I miss at Cornell: Duffield Hall, the fields on North Campus, RPCC, the Arts Quad, and Apollo's (obviously in ascending order). P.S. I don't care that Apollo's isn't owned by Cornell.This place really caters to all. It has a buffet with Panda Express-like Chinese food that white people enjoy and a separate made-to-order menu of about 300 random dishes (although I'm pretty sure they'll make you anything if you ask.. my friend told me he ordered a cheesecake and they just appeared with one. they might have run over to CTB and bought a slice).Do not be fooled by all the people ordering from the buffet. ORDER FROM THE MENU. The food is fresher and 10x better. Two dishes I highly recommend are San Bao rice and Salt and Pepper Pork. And if you insist on getting the Panda Express food, at least order a fresh batch of General Tso's (no disrespect to the general). They are a bit more expensive than the buffet items, but well worth the extra few dollars. Before I start drooling on my keyboard, I'd like to end with a quote from the late Apollo himself: \"I would found an institution where any person can find heartburn in any dish.\" Go get it while you can.", 5, 10], "1BnaXgASNY5DuWnsePrP2w": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "11/17/2015", "This place is a typical Chinese restaurant/take-out place that is open late so that's a plus. I haven't tried most of the items on the menu but have gotten their boxes-to-go a couple times. These boxes cost $7 and you get rice, two selections of the many entrees they have up front, and soup which is a pretty good deal. Food is okay and pretty Americanized. Be warned: they do use quite a bit of MSG and the food can be pretty greasy as well. In summary: Okay place for a quick meal and good if you're in a rush", 2, 0], "f5UEEV0Up3R2mDE3Cn_miw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/25/2015", "Mediocre Chinese food. Can't speak about the location, only ever ordered late night delivery from here. The plus is that they're open real late and delivery is generally pretty speedy. Also they're decently priced and they have lots of combo options which are a great way to order. The food isn't great but it isn't bad either. It's pretty average, but Ithaca doesn't have many Chinese options.", 3, 1], "zqoY5bXhKbeshzY24WmJ3w": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/3/2015", "They've improved quite substantially over the last couple of years. Their pork fried rice and lo mein used to be very bland, but now it's very flavorful. Always super quick and has a very good combination special deal that includes an entree, fried rice or lo mein, and an eggroll or soup for like $8.Only downsides are a $10 minimum on credit cards and they have plastic Snapples instead of glass Snapples.", 4, 6], "w3q7aT6p2Q2FOQEBrIBwOw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/1/2015", "Great late night take out Chinese food. Their Red Cooked pork over rice is solid as well as the homemade dumplings and congee. Did I mention they're open til 2AM? This place is a great place for satisfying late night Chinese food cravings and I highly recommend it.", 5, 0], "UvwBCVhN0z-M6GJSYCgrGA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/25/2015", "My boyfriend and I ordered from this place simply because it was late and they were open. It was pretty bad. Either they got our order wrong or what their menu calls pork buns are not pork buns. They were steamed dumplings. Which sucks because we ordered steamed gyoza so we ended up with an overabundance of steamed dumplings. The sesame chicken was mostly fried batter. And the lo mein was dry.", 1, 0], "TYpftKmFfPwdX3-_HS92hw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "7/2/2015", "Not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but definitely good quality and reliable--probably my favorite for Chinese takeout in Ithaca. The delivery is always fast and easy, and the food is piping hot and fresh! Their crab rangoons kick ass. The prices are reasonable. The chinese entrees are just okay--beef and broccoli was a little too salty--but definitely decent and good for a quick hot meal. They're open very late so that's definitely a plus.", 4, 0], "VrmlT7IqBuORf66xws4EXw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "6/16/2015", "The best restaurant in Ithaca. I remember ending long nights at 2AM after working in the lab all day at my favorite restaurant in college town. This place is a hidden gem. Their Peking duck and their expansive menu are a refreshing change from the standard.", 5, 0], "RHCiCgLn-QT_jPvonnKtRA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "6/16/2015", "With how much I've eaten here, I've given up at least a few good years of my life.No problem A+sanbao rice, salt and pepper pork are the way to go.", 5, 2], "HLVFmKsNPXP4OHDkjyJDew": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "5/8/2015", "Just very average or a bit pricey. I just have very plain fried eggs and some couple fried beef and some fried string bean. Nothing special. I prefered to go to downtown for great Thai food for the same price. Now everything is expensive in collegetown :(", 3, 0], "IT51ZrUHi_7h81Vyfc5klg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "4/21/2015", "Good if you want a fast cheap bite.Not the best restaurant experience since the tables are mostly arranged in cafeteria style. There are a wide selection and serving time is pretty short. The food is bit on the greasy side but not bad for the price.", 4, 0], "ZuBnccNcax5dxQWH77uwKQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/17/2015", "There are some good foods here, and I have a bonus star for having BROWN RICE. This is one of the very few sensible places that offer people brown rice in this area, despite many of my friends requesting it.Whenever I order, always vegetarian foods, they are always really greasy---even last time when I asked for very little oil with the Chinese eggplant. If they can make things without drowning them in OIL, I would go there more often.", 3, 1], "zruOH-NFwlbQzkeZHgN_WQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/4/2015", "This place is astoundingly bad. I've been here once or twice and it's always sub-par food (sadly sometimes they're the only place open) but last time was the last straw. My food comes really late, and the bag seems squishy. The delivery guy runs away full speed once he gives me the bag. My can of coke was completely empty and all over the food. The actual food tasted awful and was slightly cold, and the crab rangoon was soggy. I wouldn't be surprised if they were microwaving old frozen food or something. Avoid like the plague.EDIT: I should point out the food wasnt soggy because of the coke, luckily their plastic containers work. That's about all you can depend on this restaurant for.", 1, 0], "MiRBrOer6wlyF-DfNdJyZA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "1/27/2015", "i have been eating here for 2 years now. Thought it was mediocre food, until this past weekend when I got food poisoning from there.I had sesame chicken and chicken with broccoli leftovers that were only 24 hours old. They had been refrigerated properly in the right conditions.One hour later, I began vomiting and having violent diarrhea. This lasted 12 hours, well into the night and early into the morning at about 5:00a. I could not even keep water down. Don't eat here or eat leftovers from here. Don't go through the digestive horrors that kept me awake 12+ hours. I don't even have a yelp account. I am making one JUST FOR THIS REVIEW. That's how strongly I feel about this and how horrible my night was.", 1, 0], "ZrVAdgp-Gcb3GV5kaB5aiA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "1/7/2015", "Never been to the brick & mortar shop, but this place is my go-to for tasty delivery Chinese. Always order via GrubHub and there's usually a coupon or two. Crab rangoon is soft on the inside but crispy on the outside, for main dishes rice and veggies are fresh, and come with generous portions. Good vegetarian options, and food is not too greasy. Very tasty!", 4, 1], "E1EuIHgjBvYcs8Uu_SyV4A": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "11/12/2014", "Average but consistent and service is efficient. The tastiest pan food for me are the soy sauce chicken and braised greens when they're available. The Singapore rice noodle dish is quite respectable if you're hungry and craving something with curry.", 3, 0], "Nj3RS6rr8Q2gtWyI4opPmA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/26/2014", "Good food. Have been here for many times. The first time I came to Ithaca, I came here. At first I felt it was not so good. But now I gradually like It more. Now have to have it.", 5, 3], "ELieio6ouBDbas9MqUtYUA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/12/2014", "Why do I always find myself back here?It's pretty standard fare cafeteria style Chinese food. Most of it is mediocre but there are a few standouts like the eggs and tomatoes I guess.I miss Flushing...", 3, 0], "_4o7euJ9VYYWRgzSKqUuDQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/10/2014", "I almost feel bad about this as I am one who would rather give constructive feedback and not complain... That being said, I ordered from the apollo, i shared the shrimp with garlic sauce some dumplings and soup with a friend and it was without hesitation the single most disappointing meal of my life. I am a Chinese food junky, I prefer the traditional over americanized but enjoy the latter all the same. I eat at various establishments around the state weekly and I have never had such bland food. the dumpling sauce on the other hand was far too salty, and the soy sauce was horrendous... I don't know if i caught them on a bad night or at a bad time, but i couldn't eat more than a bite of anything. I feel I should try it again on another occasion to see whether this is an accurate stance or if i did get them at an off time. But for now my critique stands and I am giving them one star but only because I couldn't post if I gave them zero. P.S. For those of you that are calling this \"authentic\" you are sadly mistaken, I have friends from china, as in got off a boat less than 3 years ago, they make me the quality food I received when I was touring Asia and went to china, this is far from authentic...and since I have only given them this one order to fill, I cannot claim that you have poor taste, but I guarantee I will be reposting.", 1, 1], "t7-N2FBQnTvHOI6zRkaQ2g": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "9/5/2014", "Terrible. The fried dumplings were not homemade. They were store-bought and tasted awful. The Schezuan tofu was the worst part. Sauce from a can and tasted like slime... canned peas and carrots...It's really unfortunate because I wanted to find a good local Chinese food in Ithaca. I will never order from here again.", 1, 2], "HQgCtxDGRwbw7Beb53plPw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "6/27/2014", "My go to place when I'm craving general tso tofu or homesick for some good ole fob food. One time my friends threw me a surprise birthday party at apollos, now I can never show my face there again (good thing I graduated and moved away). My friend and I also once drove home one of their employees at 3 in the morning who was stranded, he offered her free food the next time she went in.", 4, 1], "t0_M5RhsYUVenAKjwOCUzg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "4/7/2014", "I don't care if the fact that it's in collegetown should lower one's expectation of the taste. That the food here is horrible and barely edible is the more important truth.", 1, 1], "IiEFpmueGbBnYIzkhUz5zA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/16/2013", "Food here is definitely mediocre at best. You'll see a lot of the items which Chinese people would never order in a restaurant (think Panda Express types of food). Since this is the case, it's far from authentic Chinese food. But it's cheap and that's why it gets so much business. You can get a two-item combo with rice for $6.75, which is appropriately priced for the quantity you get, unlike the more authentic places in Ithaca which tend to have ripoff prices for their \"higher quality\" food.They don't take card for under $10, and since food is so cheap, don't come here without cash in hand. It's kinda annoying since it's one of the few places in Collegetown where this is the case and you'll be forced to pay with cash.", 3, 0], "61Q0nktk16ZUy25UOx0glw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/9/2013", "Slow, rude, and not worth it. After waiting for an hour and a half for our food to arrive, part of our order was missing. We called and asked them to deliver the missing food, and they said no and that they would just record credit under our address. However, with such bad service and cold and unappetizing food, we will not be ordering from here again. Save yourself some time and anger and buy from somewhere else.", 1, 0], "qpFAgn7iEzvQFsfRK1rLLA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/7/2013", "Everything is good here. Especially the stuff there, they are quite friendly and make you feel warm in such a cold weather.", 5, 0], "uHxX8C_VgAf85SqtGShZeQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/25/2013", "Apollo is surprising, to say the least. Located in the heart of Collegetown, one would believe that Apollo would be just another Chinese take out restaurant targeting the hungry, sober or drunk, college student. However, Apollo is able to offer authentic Chinese food at a reasonable price in comparison to the other somewhat pricey options in Collegetown. I probably eat here too often, but as an undergraduate with little time to cook, let alone eat, it is one of the best options for a quick bite.Insider's Scoop: The best items served at Apollo are not on the menu, so go with a friend who understands the ins-and-outs of Chinese cuisine.", 4, 2], "by_rh3blC4HNjwuNs66VXw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "6/26/2013", "The rice is usually very colorless and seems old. The general chicken is okay, but overall this place really doesn't impress me.", 3, 0], "4DtXPl0rhDYc8L8ZYpJwdw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "5/8/2013", "I didn't come here during my first two years at Cornell because I thought it was cheap Americanized Chinese food. Well, turns out I was two for three. I finally came here at the end of my sophomore year, only to discover that it is cheap Chinese food. Not Americanized. Not gourmet either, but not nasty. It quickly became a staple of my college diet and I'm proud/horrified to say I came here at least twice a week. $6.75 for instant Chinese food is too good to pass up. I've actually been known to come here right before a final, order some food, and walk to the final while eating. Filled my stomach but didn't do much for my grades. The main reason people come here is for the speed. They lay out about 12 already-cooked items that you can choose from along with rice. I tend to get 2 items and white rice to go. All of the food is actually somewhat authentic and pretty good. My favorite is the soy sauce chicken. Tender, saucy, and meaty. There's also free bowls of soup (usually egg drop but sometimes seaweed) which will warm you up on a cold Ithacan night. They also have a menu from which you can order items that they'll cook. They tend to be a little more expensive and take longer to procure but are also more delicious. The congee and eggs over rice are quite amazing. Four stars because it's dependable. Quickly in, quickly out. You'll get a hearty meal and won't be disappointed. Want to know a little trick? Come in here at 2 A.M. after you've had a night of drinking. The food will taste a lot better.", 4, 8], "hNzAk1-KIdNZ5gk5czbItg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/26/2013", "This place confuses me, but I still like it. Once, when I ordered Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken (my favorite!) through grub hub, Apollo called me right away to say that they were out of the vegetarian chicken. They then said that I could choose a few other vegetable dishes instead, even if the price is several dollars more than what I payed for my original meal. The food came quickly, and they even threw in a few free cans of soda and an apology. All I could think was, \"wow, this service is excellent.\" However, when I ordered a diet special and general tso's tofu last week, the meal came an hour and a half after I ordered it. There was no apology, and the tofu was so mushy and awful that I had to throw it out; the diet special was about 80 percent broccoli and 20 percent the-other-veggies-I-ordered. So, I had an awesome experience, followed by an awful one. However, I will say that the food tastes delicious (for typical american chinese food), and that I will still be ordering from here often. The vegetarian chicken is too good to pass up.", 4, 1], "hdUAc7l5afwYjCyzfrfkjg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "2/25/2013", "So this is sort of like a downgraded panda express, since im willing to give panda a 4 star, this is appropriate as a 2-3 star. Lots of asians at this place unsurprisingly since it is a quick and rather cheap meal. Average price for 2 side dishes with main dish is about $7. This place serves things similar to panda express as well, ex orange chicken, bok choi etc.", 3, 2], "Z_EBEBSaNMZp4gObEiSktw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "12/24/2012", "I don't know whether it's because I came here right before they were about to close, or I like to ignore other people's warnings, but this place was really mediocre. This is one of those, choose one, two, or three of our entrees to go over your rice kinda places, but also has a menu for other dishes if you please. I chose to go with the entrees sitting out on display and have it over rice and was picking from the leftovers of the day basically. All I remember is that their shrimp which was cooked with their shells/exoskeleton still attached, was so dry and shriveled inside that I was just thinking how much effort I was putting into peeling the shell for a dried up shrimp. Worst part of my meal. The chicken I had ( I either had sesame or General Tso's) was decent but also kinda dry. Also, they ran out of soup by that time of the day which sucks. I will definitely be spending my money elsewhere.", 2, 2], "trNs6fFXT85H9avC38xcDA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/31/2012", "I'm sure this restaurant may have redeeming qualities, but what I ordered was probably the worst Chinese dish I've ever received (and I love (American) Chinese food).I ordered the \"orange chicken.\" It was basically inedible to the point of incredible chewiness, combined with what seemed like were bones still in some chicken pieces. I had to throw the dish out, but hey, at least I got some white rice (can't mess that up).", 1, 1], "icD8YOIBiON5Y7CSVLKV5w": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/29/2012", "It is what it is and you get what you pay for.  I go often for the cheap eggrolls and free soup, but it's not exactly a place you'd take a date to unless you like cafeterias and fluorescent lighting. Very popular among Cornell's Chinese students who often seem to simply ask for whatever they want whether it's on the menu or not.  Best to go on busy days when the steam table is being refreshed often. For under $10, you can get at least two meals out of your options. One time I had the Lo Mein, which was obviously made from overcooked spaghetti and greasy, but hopefully they have change that. I would say at any given time, 90% of the customers are exchange students.  Great option when you are short on cash.", 3, 1], "zET2-R9cFIrVLq_-jYwOQQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "7/23/2012", "After Coming here for a while. Let me do the work of tasting a ton of terrible dishes to let you know about the good ones I discovered, most of which go unnoticed because they look unfamiliar.My favorites: *Cold noodles in hot sesame sauce - a refreshing peanut butter noodle salad.  *Szechuan Spicy Chicken - fried chicken pieces with hot dried peppers *Singapore Mai Fun - vermicelli noodles with curry powder, shrimp, pork, and egg *Steamed Dumplings - cheap and done well here *Stuffed hot pepper - Mild Peppers stuffed with meat topped with black bean sauce.  *Red Cooked Pork over rice - Really fatty meat. This is definitely not for everyone. *Diced Pork with Black Mushroom Noodle Soup - If you ever go here when its busy there is always at least one Chinese student eating a noodle soup, and for good reason, they are perhaps the best thing done here. I like this one because of the yummy mushrooms.", 4, 6], "hEpZ1sTFGrScIpH73eVOPA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "3/13/2012", "The soup is awesome. Did I mention that it's free?Food here is pretty good. Definitely the same quality (even better) compared to the other few Asian restaurants nearby. It's just not a good place for a nice dinner. But if you don't feel like eating with anybody and just wanna get something tasty and cheap and fast, come here for sure.", 5, 5], "8mB065VsDEs8fB3vKn1siQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "1/16/2012", "If you are in College Town and must have general Tso's chicken immediately Apollo is the only viable solution, though you would be better off ordering an entree off the full menu and waiting 10 mins than going with the steam trays.", 2, 0], "vsOMeGDvXnl0sMvgAQDmuA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "11/2/2011", "Late-night greasy Chinese for sure. Bare-bones, counter service, sparse tables and \"dining room\" decor, but cheap plates of Sichuan Beef with fried rice, eggrolls, the works. The beef, as per usual in any Chinese lunch-counter-type takeout place, is very low quality. However, the dish brought the heat in chilis and the veggies were stir-fried to a perfect just-still-crispy texture. To note, the cold sesame noodles and the soup dumplings are surprisingly good. Not Chinatown good, but certainly a pleasant surprise in this otherwise-pizza-and-burgers-overrun strip of real estate.Not a place I'd go back to, but after downing a few PBRs down the street, a welcome change from the usual late-night pizza.", 2, 1], "GBQ48HWaIKt5TzDmZNlYJQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "7/13/2011", "Apollo has the reputation for selling cheap and MSG-filled food, but I think it really depends on which food you order. Some dishes like pork and dark egg(pidan) congee are pretty good and healthy, but other dishes can be really greasy. But overall I think the food is good and cheap.", 4, 0], "H3HrSBlwhIfQq0riLzuGrQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "4/16/2011", "I have ordered from this place a handful of times. I am always disappointed at how greasy the food is, but this time they have gone too far. I ordered Lo Mein, and I specified \"spicy\"... they sent me very bland Lo Mein, and 5 packets of really nasty hot sauce. I have finally learned my lesson; I will not be ordering from them again. For reference, here is a specific list of items I recall trying: Crab Rangoon - fine, just like everywhere elseScallion Pancakes - goodPork buns - bad, microwaved, dough hard.Lo Mein - bad, flavorless, greasyI've tried other things, but can't recall specifically what I did and did not like about them. Good luck finding good Chinese food in Ithaca. Hai Hong does not deliver.", 1, 1], "vUNriAZ3FHPkMoTsXEeLOw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "4/7/2011", "This used to be my go-to spot for cheap take-out Chinese food. I'd always get two items with rice. They set everything up buffet style behind a glass and you tell the servers what you want. The portions vary depending on who's serving you.After you get your food, you can make your way to the side table, where they have a big vat of free egg drop soup (it's usually egg drop, though sometimes they may change it up). I used to love the soy sauce mixture they had here and got it all the time with my tofu (best combo ever!). They have other good dishes here. I liked the variety, so whatever you were craving specifically was usually met. You can also order something off of their menu, too.", 3, 0], "jqhmAKduTcOafQENki0Aqg": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "10/22/2010", "Apollo and Cafe Pacific are THE Absolute Zero hangout spots. From a typical transient standpoint, you might think, \"Oh just some cheap chinese food\". But if you understand asians at all, that's the reason this place gets 5 stars. It's great for filling yourself with decent food for cheap.Of course it's not top notch, but for the price, it might as well be filet mignon. Service is relatively impersonal, but so are most cheap chinese joints. It's really all about expectations.Key dishes: beef and egg over rice, beef with broccoli, yang zhou fried rice. The free egg drop soup they always have on hand is nice bonus too =POh and did I mention, after you get smashed at some apartment on a friday night, you should make a beeline for this place if CTP is too packed.", 5, 5], "4rGs_fw3SoNDW8gC23_TSQ": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "8/30/2010", "Yum!When I first got to school, this place was called \"Peace,\" and prices were soooo cheap ($2 for 3 items) but things have changed in the economy and whatnot, inflation, blahblahblah, but it's still cheap and easy.If you're in the mood for some greasy Chinese, this place will do it. They have 8 to 10 items in their hot tray table thing and you can ask for 1, 2, 3, or however many items on top of rice. The dishes vary sometimes but the staples are usually the lo-mein and General Tso's chicken.There's free soup in a giant thermos on the side and a few different sauces on the table: sriracha, Thai chili garlic sauce, and this soy sauce mixture with chunks in it (not sure what they are but it's good, haha).It's not super great quality or anything, but it's easy and quick and yummy and it's open pretty late (I think until 3am).There's seating inside, but the tables are always sort of sticky. They serve you in the takeout container anyway, so I usually pile some of the sauces on top of my meal and take it to go.", 3, 0], "ZuVMBaMzQIumPuGPPr8oUw": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "3/21/2010", "Not the greatest place but four stars for cheap food and great location. I'm not expecting the greatest Chinese food considering that it is in Ithaca but the food is still pretty good. They also have a large menu and if you are craving for something not on the menu, just go ahead and ask them. Also, the two item combo fed me through my days in Cornell.", 4, 0], "eKfhXTBUq-Qd3kg2R7v1aA": ["Yelp", "Apollo Restaurant", "3/25/2009", "This place barely makes three stars. It gets the free star for being in Ithaca, which is like a culinary desert.The food is basic fast counter style Chinese, you know \"two item combo\" Chinese. Its pretty uninspiring. And i like cheep Chinese food. How do you mess up general's chicken? really? Anyway its strange because there are always people inside. The only positives i can think of is they are they are cheep and their hot and sour soup is OK.", 3, 2]}
{"yUQASUvBuYcgV3JuoaiYaQ": ["Yelp", "Atrium Cafe", "12/20/2015", "Waaaay too pricey for the taste and quantity. I would recommend eating at Terrace across the street", 2, 0], "yDvyPovaj-fDHZKDgBvoFA": ["Yelp", "Atrium Cafe", "1/19/2014", "Decent variety of options that taste just okay. There's a selection of wraps, hot/cold sandwiches, and pizzas on one end. The wraps are occasionally swapped out for an Indian or Chinese entree. There is a salad bar, soups/chili pots, small selection of dim sum in the middle. Then there's cold packaged sandwiches, bland sushi, and packaged snacks on another end. Prices are decent but portions can be a little bit more generous. (I get hungry fast after eating a whole wrap.)The cashier lines can get long during lunch rush hour. If you're an MBA student, you can sign up for the Executive Meal Plan which is a pre-paid plan that gives you a discount and no tax on purchases.The one thing that annoys me the most about this place is that they close around 2 PM.Terrace Cafe across the street in the Statler Hotel has much better food and longer hours of operation.", 3, 3], "vMvf3AO3Ujxz4PRlfqrW4A": ["Yelp", "Atrium Cafe", "12/17/2009", "This past semester, I think I must have dropped $500 in total on lunches at the Atrium Cafe. They've got an awesome selection of sandwiches, pizza, soups, and a fresh salad bar with all the fixin's. I usually got the Korean bulgogi beef wrap or a large salad, which by the way they don't even charge by weight. You get charged a flat price for a small or large container and if you're like me, pile on as much meat as you can until it starts to topple over and people give you weird looks. God I love meat so much. Come to think of it, my salads are probably not technically salads since they have no lettuce in them.Usually there's more seating at the Atrium Cafe than at Mac's Cafe across the street at Statler. Nicer ambiance too with more spacious, professional tables and a great glass atrium to sit beneath. Eat here if you want to avoid the undergrad masses at Mac's Cafe.", 4, 3]}
{"iGsY_abGRSwgkxE3yLCzSA": ["Yelp", "Pat\u2019s Pizzeria - Ithaca", "11/8/2018", "Needed a large ordered delivered to Cornell. Had many pizza places to choose from. Since Pats has been friendly in past, thought I would give them a try. Placed a $180 order for Saturday night delivery. Delivery person had wrong address, no sign on their car, and cell phone battery was dead. Showed up 25 minutes late. How can a pizza place send out a driver without a sign on their car or a working cell phone. Hard to believe. I called multiple times in days following looking for explanation, never heard back from manager or owner. Pizza itself was fine but reliability gets a two thumbs down. Same for common sense. Have the person without a working cell phone making the pizza, not delivering the pizza!", 1, 0], "q5Dp08hXKIecw0h-i5GjIw": ["Yelp", "Pat\u2019s Pizzeria - Ithaca", "8/18/2018", "I ordered some pizza and fries and two hours later it arrived. It was cold and the French fries were soggy. I am very disappointed in this pizzeria...", 1, 0], "urbrIdHxbGrw0w0_k2bLAw": ["Yelp", "Pat\u2019s Pizzeria - Ithaca", "7/8/2018", "My first time there since Mark's moved out. Nothing about the place is the same. Pizza was mediocre at best. I'll not be going back there.", 2, 0], "vw7srxX2la65_Kb7JaJ7-w": ["Yelp", "Pat\u2019s Pizzeria - Ithaca", "5/24/2018", "I stopped on the way home from work to pick up a pizza, thinking i was at a pizzeria that previously occupied the space now holding Pat's, expecting not much. I was very pleasantly surprised by a handmade chewy crust, and a well topped half red sauce and cheese for my 11 year old and a white sauce with mushrooms and spinach for me. The sauce was pleasantly herbed, the mushrooms were not canned, and appeared to have been sauteed.  The spinach was fresh. All good. My daughter gave a review that was difficult to understand (her mouth was full). The staff was courteous and efficient. Thumbs up from both of us.", 4, 0]}
{"jSKicZlz7PDTlIdOG-wFRw": ["Yelp", "Tibetan Momo Bar", "6/24/2018", "Would not recommend this place. I got the Vegetable fried rice and it wasn't mixed properly and it had very little vegetables in it. I also got the vegetable dumplings and the dough was tough and overall just not very good.", 2, 0], "_2bIV0Kmox42ohpF5RgxNg": ["Yelp", "Tibetan Momo Bar", "1/23/2018", "I eat here a lot given the price and hassle free delivery. My favorite is the Hapayaki chicken. It's stir fry chicken thigh in a spicy sauce with some vegetables over rice. Pretty spicy, I always get the sweats but very satisfying. The price at $8.50 is reasonable and it's more than enough to satisfy.", 4, 0], "NgMbwUqhU1sAtYZiy0Q3zQ": ["Yelp", "Tibetan Momo Bar", "12/16/2016", "Seriously, best dumplings in Ithaca. I get the pork momo (Tibetan dumplings) once a week. Comes with 8 pieces, a little cabbage/carrot side salad. Try the orange-colored sauce on the counter on all of it--it's great. A full meal worth of dumplings for $7.56.I've had their sushi and their hapayaki chicken (very spicy), and both were good--but seriously, get the dumplings!Lastly, that older review says they have a card fee, but not anymore!Also, Tibetan Momo is at the Farmer's Market on some Sundays, and have these ridiculously good fried coconut cream cheese things, which are also very very good.", 5, 0], "EjY3Kyv7-1VtEk429Kakxg": ["Yelp", "Tibetan Momo Bar", "3/13/2016", "Best dumplings in Ithaca! I had the chicken momos (dumplings), and they were delicious! Each one had a thick noodle wrapper that was soft and chewy that surrounded a meaty chicken and vegetable center. The momos were super fresh and filling, costing only $7 including tax and also came with a finely shredded cabbage and carrot salad.I also tried the chicken lo mein, which was prepared quickly on their flat top grill. The chicken was cooked perfectly and had a flavorful seasoning while the vegetables were equally tasty. None of the food was greasy, oily, or overly salty, so even though I left full (with leftovers), I wasn't weighed down like you typically feel after eating fried Chinese food.Bottom Line: this is a great lunch spot to grab delicious, healthy, and fast Asian food that will leave you full, energized, and happy", 5, 0]}
{"CpEvT7xe_6otpP4wPvhn7Q": ["Yelp", "Razorback BBQ", "7/13/2014", "We were looking for some barbeque before leaving Elmira. it was close to where we were and had a 3 1/2 start rating. The fact that it is called a restaurant is misleading. We asked our waitress to wash our sticky table.  The table was even stickier after she washed it.  Half of the menu was dedicated to their smoked wings, which the were out of at 6:30 pm. Seriously. This may be a great bar but DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.I gave them a single star but we left without ordering. Two sticky tables and specials that were out at 6:30 we enough for us!!", 1, 0], "MQFTwZGGqaQwLtpd0_p9lA": ["Yelp", "Razorback BBQ", "9/25/2012", "Razorback is essentially the \"food\" side of The Haunt, a divey bar/mini-venue. Speaking strictly about the food, it's decent, but inconsistent. The smoked wings are probably the best thing here. They're still finished in a fryer, like typical wings, so they have a bit of crunch, but the smokiness adds an interesting dimension that you don't normally find elsewhere. But yeah, don't expect that consistency to stay...well, consistent. The texture comes out differently almost every time, even between batches.The same goes for the ribs. They're typically well made (for Ithaca), but wildly inconsistent, and sometimes even lukewarm/cool. My guess is that they whip up a bunch of their food items and leave them to warm in the back. Just a guess.", 3, 7], "f7jACXEV1VjaMEaHuNKY2A": ["Yelp", "Razorback BBQ", "6/9/2012", "The music can get loud, and make sure to call them before going if you want ribs because there are days they don't have them.With that said, those are the only complaints I have. The outside patio is fun to hang out on, the wings are excellent (get them smoked, you won't be disappointed!) The ribs weren't as saucy as I prefer but still excellent. Considering it's about the ONLY bbq in Ithaca it's not a stretch to say it's easily the best.", 4, 1], "QOSgRCFymzAYPnNsOjpaxw": ["Yelp", "Razorback BBQ", "4/28/2012", "Went back for the ribs. They were pretty mediocre, which was disappointing, since I was really hoping to find decent ribs in Ithaca. My friend had the El Diablo burger, which she also said was mediocre. This time there was a band playing, so loud, that I could barely hear my friend speak. They were pretty decent, however. Still, this place has character and the patio looks like a nice place to sit outside during the summer, so I can't bring myself to give less than a 3.", 3, 0], "vH6L7D6z0sIE2pVgp2l-qQ": ["Yelp", "Razorback BBQ", "11/18/2009", "We'd intended to check out the BBQ menu that's been part of the local music venue The Haunt since April '09. I'm glad we did. While they weren't doing a lot of dining business (most of the patrons were at the bar at 6:30 pm on a Tuesday), we ordered wings and found them delicious. The smoked wings which we chose with Razorback's \"original\" house sauce were meaty, crispy-skinned, and generously-coated with a sweet and smoky sauce. The medium Buffalo-style wings, which we didn't order smoked, were slightly smaller but also quite good, crisp-skinned as well (not breaded and coated the way some places do wings). Both styles came served with a few celery sticks and a standard small container of blue cheese dip full of chunks of blue cheese, though we only dipped the Buffalo wings in the blue cheese. I will definitely stop by again -- I am curious about their ribs now (I understand Thursday is \"rib night\" there).", 4, 0]}
{"RzeICCNn_LgOtMDvnpKsPg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/23/2018", "Food is good, but nothing too special. Very expensive, especially the drinks. Service was not great either. Waitress was nice, but they messed up our order even when we were the only people there. Were friendly and very willing to remake it though. Great atmosphere very cozy.", 3, 0], "GJaWxS7sNkZSCkhnfBVTfg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/25/2018", "The location and menu are great. Yet the service is somewhat slow and inattentive. We were so excited to get what we ordered so we were patient. None of us loved our food yet it nothing stood out as bad. The kababs, salads, and related were all ok. We were hoping for better. I still may return for such food until I find a better place.", 3, 0], "Vd7d0ggvfm-gfG_kueG2Vw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/17/2018", "Was hungry. Lovely weather so every restaurant on this st was packed, Everyone sitting outside in the sidewalk patio. Food took ages to come out. Waitress was always so nice / pleasant/helpful with a non attitude demeanor, but was overwhelmed & forgot a few things... had to ask a few times for this that & the other. Eventually the food came out. The food was more than decent enough. ... my marguerita was sweet but ok. I'd come back again if I fancied the Mediterranean food , after trying the others in this town.... no extras. No pitta bread on the table with hummus like other restaurants once u sit down, but I'm used to Mediterranean restaurants in denver.", 3, 0], "BQH63v9b7BmDme0eObfz4Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/14/2018", "Bad overall experience. It took forever to get our food even tho the place wasn't at all busy. One meal was delivered but no sign of the other. The wait staff said that because each order was made fresh that it would be a while....not a good plan during lunch hour. When we said never mind just bring the check, it was still a long wait. When the bill was tallied it was all wrong. Waitstaff was afraid to have the bill voided and redone for fear of getting in trouble with the boss so offered us cash from her tips. We weren't going to let her do that so we chalked it all up to experience. A lousy one.", 1, 0], "IPbArEXoJ8py3o4ec5dZKg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/14/2018", "Vey good for a moderate price point. Lamb and swordfish were very good. Nice location and ambiance.", 4, 0], "mACYhyAMeNcS9a7tvCpzAA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/1/2018", "Sat outside and ordered from the regular menu. There may have been 1-2 tables inside, my point being the restaurant was empty. We kept asking for our food and the waitress said it would be ready soon. Food never came, nor the waitress apologized or gave us a realistic sense of timing. After waiting over 40 min, we decided to leave the place. Unfortunately we never tried the food, terrible experience!", 1, 0], "6CRX3GE9pZb4Auru9fX4mw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/1/2018", "Food here is really good, the falafel in particular. But the service is dicey. A 15 minute wait for a wrap took 35 and there were not many other customers.", 3, 0], "_YGLnYCbL0hRkA7Lo6wIwA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/27/2018", "The food was ok. However, when ordering, they told me that it takes only 15 minutes to prepare the food but I ended up waiting for more than 30 minutes. I was in a hurry and this was a really bad experience.", 2, 0], "DlLKzLdRHoImHO--Uh6nGw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/11/2018", "Seating outdoor ambience here was pleasant. Entrees were rather pricey at this place, so we ordered wraps or salads, which were good. Service was friendly but not very attentive, and slow.", 3, 0], "hNT-LuIXGNbXiweURKCDBA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "5/11/2018", "Pretty sure they don't make any of their food. Their salads are repackaged salad mixes, falafels, spreads, grape leaves, pitas all seem store bought. To add insult to injury it's very expensive, so they pass along their laziness in the form of a big bill. Honestly a waste of space and should be replaced.", 1, 0], "lcl8GHfKIDuhlrBnUfk6_Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "5/1/2018", "This is a fake Arab restaurant. But that's not even the issue with it: the food is horrible, the kabobs are too dry, the dolmas/grape leaves are tasteless. And the worst thing of all is that what they call a kinafeh is not a kinafeh! It's advertised as kinafeh but it comes close to (but is not even) a kadaifi. Not recommended at all. Please avoid at all cost.", 1, 0], "tc_7EqRyThdUIKjbvfWKRA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/8/2018", "Terrible place to eat, as well as work. Unprofessional and unclean. The owner harassed and verbally abuses his workers, especially the female employees. As for the food some of it's alright terms of taste, but it's prepared in a very unclean manner. If the restaurant is busy employees are told to just rinse the dishes off and send them back out. Also everything on the menu is super overpriced.", 1, 3], "S0er3vlSJMGLQBm1kAS_Kw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/25/2018", "My go-to place in Ithaca. They handle my food allergies very well. I always get a salad with the lemon and olive oil dressing, the za'atar bread and the falafel pita. So filling and delicious. Nice outdoor seating area as well as a lovely inside.", 5, 0], "xqNQf7OmuVHXtNPM-ysjrg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "11/21/2017", "The food and service at this restaurant are okay. However the owner verbally abused and sexually harasses his female employees. I witnessed him screaming at and intentionally humiliating a female employee in front of a full restaurant a few weeks ago. I also know a few people who worked here who he made extremely inappropriate comments to. From what I've heard he will refuse to pay employees for time they have worked and threaten to fire them if they complain. I would not spend my money here as this is a corrupt business.", 1, 2], "A3RTeWMCX7IASjVgD1gO7w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "11/8/2017", "Love their food! Great everything. Only downside, don't go during your lunch break. Takes a little while to cook the food and get it out to you. Other than that, I'll be back and have been.", 4, 0], "WiA7spAQ5xx7SP9bsaj_-A": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "8/18/2017", "The ambiance was fabulous, we sat outside as its in the commons area, we walked the area before and after the meal. Even the drinks were delicious.  If you're in the area and have not tried it I'm in to try it. The desert we tried of the rice pudding with sweet coconut was also right and hit the spot.", 5, 1], "svDA2hIviTKxkXCoCkH0sw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/27/2017", "Excellent food and service! We stumbled upon this place and it smelled so good we had to stop. A little pricey for entrees but absolutely worth the trip. Trying to sneak another stop in before we leave town.", 5, 0], "Zn7y7QErZm9L1JXnHx9dew": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/27/2017", "The food is everything you hope for in Mediterranean food: tasty, tangy, fresh, filling! The waiters are always friendly, helpful and accommodating. A better meal experience than the crowded places nearby.", 5, 0], "MKGFDGoZ_Esavq1cRCCV0Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/2/2017", "Came here on a weekend evening with a friend and were promptly seated. We ordered the Meat Lover's Combo which was delicious except for the chicken which was a little dry. I would also recommend a little less dressing on the salad because it was overpowering. But overall a pleasant dining experience.", 4, 1], "z5_ic-5ifuTZFMu5w-Iyew": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/5/2017", "Food is like if you went into a garbage can and threw whatever you found on the grill. Terrible management, owner is a liar and a thief.", 1, 2], "64JpSl7XXoxsrNnLHxX_pg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "5/31/2017", "This was the very first restaurant in Ithaca that my hubby and I ate at. We moved from New Mexico to Upstate, NY for various reasons and we went out to celebrate the sale of our home in New Mexico. This was a great choice. The Baklava was the best I've ever had in my life!The food was so delicious, loved the creamy hummus and we will go back again in the future.", 5, 1], "07Yk2PBbPaqt0PT51wNdaw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/28/2017", "So the only negative thing I think one could say about this place is that it is not cheap. However, no place downtown is, plus you get a delicious salad with your meal, so I actually think it's better than other places downtown.On to the positives, this pace is delicious and authentic! Since traveling to Greece years ago, I have been looking for an authentic spanakopita this is the ONLY place I have been to in the states, including NYC and San Diego that have it! The pastry is light and flakey, oh my god it is sooooo amazing!!!! I always order whatever specials they have, and man it is ALWAYS totally worth it! Now, this IS authentic, if you are looking for the American Version, I can't confirm you'll like it, though the ingredients and flavor combinations are phenomenal! This is my favorite place in Ithaca.", 5, 2], "FwqHsgwHvR_SSrmJU_5Qbg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/19/2017", "Went for lunch on a busy Saturday afternoon. All the area restaurants had a long wait for our group of 5 adults and 2 kids, except this one. Food good, but the delay between ordering and getting our food, was pretty long. Server was overwhelmed and kept forgetting things. Food itself was decent-hummus and babaganoush were standard, Spanikopita tasty but small-portioned and buttery/greasy, whole-wheat pitas were a bit dry/burnt, Greek salad with chicken had sort of burnt chicken on it, but the beef kebabs were quite delicious. Bathrooms clean though. Overpriced, ok service, decent food.", 3, 1], "ChKRGY-MjyxHn5PofNesQA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/8/2017", "First impression is very nice, nice lighting, ambiance, etc; however, food is average...soups above average. Hoping I just wasn't hungry enough to rate higher, but I've been there three times now and....well, just average. Intimate little bar that could be nice..if I drank, but gave that up several years prior-had plenty. On the upside, price was very reasonable, service was pleasant and genuine. Dang, I hate having to chastise a hometown restaurant when they're working hard to contribute to the great \"post-graduate, street-feel\" of Aurora Street in Ithaca, New York.", 2, 0], "KkQOSKeYOq8_V_Nw_04z3Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "11/7/2016", "Had Sunday afternoon lunch at the Sahara when visiting Ithaca. Nice setting, attentive waitress, generous portions, well-prepared food. 80s soundtrack was a weird vibe, but everything else was enjoyable.", 4, 0], "EHpIL9qPl-kLEmWoiYqT_g": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/21/2016", "Amazing food! I recommend the shawarma wrap or plate either beef or chicken both are amazing. We tried three of the appetizers including the hummus, Falafel, and Foule. All three were very tasty and it was the best hummus and falafel I have ever had. I highly recommend sharing multiple things on the menu with your dinner party to be able to try all the different dishes!", 5, 0], "yO-f7psFBnHwLEf7bDXUvw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "9/9/2016", "I now know how Chinese Americans feel when visiting your standard take out place. This is far from being authentic, but I guess that is what happens when you cater to the American palate and call yourself 'Mediterranean'. You will like this is place if you are from the North East, say hum-iss, and think that tzatziki is better than tahini. The food is bland, the tahini is watery and the use of naan/gordita bread instead of pita is unforgivable. The labne tastes like philadelphia cream cheese and the kofta is missing the parsley and onions that it needs.The prices are also unwarranted given how small the dishes are, but as others have said, its standard for Ithaca.I might be a bit salty due to seeing 'dolmas' instead of 'warat'. It isn't bad food, and chances are the standard consumer will find it enjoyable, Just don't expect actual middle eastern dishes.", 2, 3], "K5i-E8imgxXOhLPLXEYXzQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "8/12/2016", "No kidding and non-trivial: Among the greatest French fries I've ever had. Falafel pita sandwich and falafel salad were outstanding, too. Excellent service and thank God, adequate air conditioning on this brutal August afternoon. Strongly recommended.", 4, 1], "vvvooZ-QM4fjEzBvGfbPZg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/24/2016", "I've lived in Ithaca for years and like Mediterranean food but never made it to Sahara until today for lunch. I had previously looked at the menu and thought it was pretty pricey. I was surprised there was no lunch menu. While waitress was pleasant the service was so slow I had to rush to make it back to work. The food was average $11-$12 for a simple felafel wrap. I thought about getting a plate but $18-24 is just too much for lunch. The outdoor seating is nice but for most of the time we we're the only ones there while others restaurants on the street were mostly over half full. I think that is telling.", 2, 1], "02YOJLVxSvE5gamc4HtDRw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/15/2016", "I had a fantastic meal at Sahara's and was surprised to see the mediocre reviews on here. The trick is to get lots of small plates to share, which is how they are meant to be eaten. We ordered dolmas (very good) with Baba Ganoush (excellent), the mince meat kebab(best kebab) and gyro salad and shared it all. The gyro is unlike the Greek gyro I've had in the past, but is still tasty in its own right, and far better than some other \"gyro\" I have encountered. Skip the pita bread and eat the hummus or baba alongside the kebab, dolmas or falafel. The favors go perfectly together. A great place for healthy food, even the most basic lemon and olive oil salad dressing is delicious here.", 5, 1], "AhyCkHflxLOSrOEGPaX0-w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/1/2016", "We were at Sahara for an early dinner and the place was empty. Despite being one of the only two occupied tables, service was a bit slow. The food was not bad, although probably a little overpriced. We shared a spanakopita appetizer and a combination plate and we were satisfied. We were never asked for our drink order.Overall I think you will find similar food quality, perhaps with less of the ambiance, at one of the smaller quick stop Mediterranean restaurants around town.", 2, 0], "fmM2PogytcjeOFf_X32Wew": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/23/2016", "Me and a friend were seated quickly. I ordered a gyro and waited more than a half hour for our food to come out. My gyro wasn't made the greatest (lacked cucumbers, onions, and lettuce) and the sauce was poured only on one end of the gyro when it should have been distributed evenly throughout the gyro. Other than that, the restaurant has a very calm and relaxing atmosphere with very friendly staff.", 3, 0], "ifJ4P247K9AUZH4BZZJKxg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/30/2016", "I wasn't disappointed at all while with my experience at Sahara, but the food and service could have been better. Also pricy for the size of their entrees, but again, typical for Ithaca. I got the Sahara combination plate which included three skewers of the kabobs they offer: minced beef, tenderloin and chicken. It was somewhat dry and too salty for my taste. They don't have many servers it seems, and I wished I had my water filled more often. Again not bad at all, would still recommend for decent Mediterranean food.", 3, 0], "n-4snVW3Rrhj9hkqJAjDug": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/31/2016", "In general, Sahara was ok, food was mediocre, ambiance was nice. Service by our server was good, but it was actions of other servers that made us a bit concerned. I'll get to the food first. The Cath's special platter wasn't anything to brag about. Two of us orders that platter and they brought one basket of 3 pitas for two people's meals. The spanakopita lacked flavor but did have a nice crust. One member in our group stated he had a good wrap, but otherwise the rest of us felt it was pretty mediocre. Our particular server was great; attentive, friendly, accurate in her orders, however it was another server in the restaurant that was cause for concern. On three separate occasions, we witnessed this server lick his fingers after laying down plates on the table, presumably because he got a small amount of food on his hands. I do not think he did this intentionally, but it was clearly a habit that he developed and probably does not realize when he does it. From a food safety standpoint (not to mention the gross factor), I hope this issue is corrected through proper health, hygiene, and staff training at Sahara.", 2, 0], "p7zkKlBH9m4FCBvDHh9KmA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/15/2016", "Food was overpriced and mediocre. I got the chicken kabob pita sandwich which was DRENCHED in tahini sauce, and I mean drenched. Not only was it dripping off the pocket, there was a pool of the sauce on the plate. And the sauce wasn't good at all. There was hardly any flavor and just not good. The wait for the waitress to ask for our order was very long despite only 3 other tables being occupied. Also a very long wait to get our food (chicken kabob pita pocket and a falafel sandwich) which seems like it shouldn't take so long to make. A couple who came after us walked out because the service was so poor. One positive was both of our pita pockets were big and filling. I had several big pieces of chicken in mine and it was very full. The fries were good too. But ultimately I would not come again or recommend this place.", 2, 2], "_ezUWcZLj-lP5GNa0TmwQQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/12/2015", "Friday night. Got seated promptly, though the three of us were crammed on our intimate 2-topper table. This would not be a bad thing except...Waiter: Bored attitudinal hipster guy could barely be bothered. This did not help the tiny table covered in dishes, so we kept creating piles of plates just to make room.Food: Baba ghanoush was excellent. Falafel portions were small and over-fried. Companion had some kind of strange Greek-ish salad. \"It's not bad, it's just not the Greek salad I'm used to.\"  The kafta had nice flavor but was excessively dry. Kafta jerky. And the $7 bowl of lentil soup? Total fail. Thin anonymous broth with some lonely lentils tossed in. $.07 of ingredients. Hint from this bachelor cook: Salt can make stuff taste good. My wife gave the soup to the waiter and politely explained its limitations. Did I mention his disengagement from his job? Oh well, at least it didn't appear on the check.Summary: Far too much money for far too little.", 1, 5], "O1guMmE3SQqabw1flby7NQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/24/2015", "The service was super slow. Waited 1 hour just to get a shawarma sandwich (which I think is ridiculous). Also I wasn't impressed with the food. But on the upside, the soup was good!", 2, 0], "MgFQL4ijz2aA3yIg-xGInQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "8/29/2015", "We had lunch here - a Greek salad and a gyro. The wait was really long. Both to order and for our food. Our waitress was horrible ...my Greek salad came out without olives as well as onions. I asked her why they weren't included on the salad. She tried to tell me that the olives were there and onions aren't included on salads. This was all wrong. I finally got what I wanted. But it's a little frustrating when you have to negotiate with your waitress. She also charged for a refill on my diet coke which I at least expected her to tell me there are no refills.The gyro was just ok. Our salad was good once We got all the ingredients.", 2, 0], "whkWaRINRdCos7ZHuO1vwg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "8/25/2015", "Mediocre food that is over priced. Horrible service. You can expect to sit down and wait a long time for anything here. Ithaca has much better to offer. Don't waste your time at this place", 1, 2], "e2N-1X6Ea9TtN6U3HuCXwQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/30/2015", "The Foule (a fava bean/lemony appetizer) was unique and healthy and delicious. I will eat it for a mid east breakfast tomorrow. The lentil soup was also quite yummy, more on the thin side then on the chunky side of the soup spectrum.   The pita bread, the tahini sauce, the Greek salad,the chicken skewers were all good but not memorable.  We ended up here because Moosew ood had an hour wait (though it looked empty) and so I think I might carry over some of that disappointment into poor innocent Sahara.", 4, 1], "dyx6uWiWSBK8LXxForShaw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/22/2015", "By far, one of the best meals I've ever had in Ithaca, NY. Service impeccable. .. I'm from California where good, healthy food is abundant. The price is reflective of the quality...", 5, 0], "XeYDai18xCo1bRXw2-WGFA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/10/2015", "I have been to Sahara several times and I have yet to be dissappointed. Our favorite way to eat there is to get lots of their small plate appetizers (we ordered three and they give you a discount- Bonus!). It's hard to choose a favorite but lately We always seem to order there tabbouleh, hummus and falafel. The portions are generous and I don't feel so guilty over indulging since it's pretty healthy. We also love their kibbeh- fried pockets of ground beef stuffed with meat- yummy! Yummy! Yummy! My friends and I shared a bottle of wine, they have a small but decent list to choose from. the atmosphere is relaxed, our service has always been excellent. One of my favorite places to eat.", 5, 0], "0sriHMPR4u1Kw45Q_hFK8g": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/22/2015", "There is no doubt that the food here is amazing, but I would strongly disagree with those who say the prices are reasonable. We ordered the tapas appetizer and 2 bowls of soup and the total was just shy of $40. There was no meat in any of our dishes, mostly chic peas in everything. The dishes are authentic and delicious, but be ready to come out your pocket!", 3, 1], "pnBbrTFBZsnmMNWqZ-Z8jA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/14/2015", "We waited for more than 35 minutes for our order. We never got it. We saw her walking around the restaurant catering to other people. We noted that she didn't put our order in the system. When we asked another waiter about our orders, he went to the back to inquire about our food. We told him we decided to cancel our order. After a couple of seconds, we figured we will not be getting our orders anytime soon. We saw our waitress coming from the back of the restaurant with her hands FLAILING in the air. As if to say she forgot about us. The other waiter approached us calmly and said, \"you guys taking off?\" We said yes. Other customers noticed that we decided to leave. No apologies. No excuses. No telling us when our food will come. What type of service is that?We saw other customers who came in after us got their orders before us. So what happened? No answer. Right. Do yourself a favor and pass over this place like what they did to us.", 1, 6], "lMUhCFHhFoSKowszUkm8Yw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/14/2015", "It was severely understaffed or maybe we caught it at the wrong moment. But it was one waitress with 8 tables half on their way out. She took our order. I started to see people who were seated after us get served. After a half hour I told a waiter who just came in we wanted to cancel he told the waitress and it appeared she didn't even give our order to the kitchen. Anyway the price point for the place looks pretty bad. I saw what was coming out of the kitchen. Nothing to note of the quality cause I never got served, but it looked like food truck items for fine dining prices.", 1, 8], "HutL3cH5gbsi56cWJOHTYQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "11/8/2014", "TERRIBLE service.... I had to 40 minutes for a table and then waited another 40 minutes for food that was not worth the wait Food was AVERAGE. I had the baba ghanouj pita, and it was just way too salty. My pita was wrapped in aluminum foil, they certainly did not put much effort into presentation and plating. In addition, the falafel were made into these strange looking donut shapes. The falafel was too mushy and lacked texture. The hummus dip and dolmas were good.", 2, 2], "PiPHMMs4cgjAs4sPCnrbEw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/5/2014", "I ordered the vegetarian plate and it was delicious and big. My friends also enjoyed their food (not big compaints- vegetarian food came out as such and wasn't mixed up with the one meat dish that was ordered). We also enjoyed the Za'atar bread for a starter. Prices are a bit high but I left satisfied.", 4, 3], "n_YJNIHCDss8sky-f-mLNg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/1/2014", "Beautiful restaurant, pleasant service. The food was OK, but not impressive. Get the fries instead of the salad.", 3, 1], "v9ZjK05Gxanftrtui2JRGA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "9/1/2014", "Haven't been back in a while and the food isn't quite as I remember it.Salad (complimentary): No mixture of greens, sweet tomatoes, light dressing. It's an acceptable salad and highly forgettable. I hope this isn't indicative of their salad entrees.Kibbeh Platter: Kibbeh is the saving grace for our meal. Tastes amazing, moist, and can stand alone without any dip. Hummus is all right. It also makes up half of the platter which you don't really need because you only get one pita and a few slices of veggies. Dolmas cleaned my palate from the heaviness of the fried kibbeh, but I can't remember much of it except for its tart flavor. The platter is overkill: just get the kibbeh alone.Kabob Platter: This was very disappointing because I remember liking this so much the first time I had it. The seasoning was amazing, but this was wasted on all three skewers which were overcooked and dried out. It was only palatable because I ate each bite with hummus or tahini (bland!) for moisture. The grilled veggies were simple and good. The side of rice was the best part of this platter.Dessert: The kunafa, highly reminiscent of baklava, didn't disappoint. Sahara's is an extremely sweet and highly satisfying dessert consisting of spiced, crushed nuts sandwiched between two layers of shredded phyllo pastry and drenched in a syrup solution. This ended the meal on a good note.Final note: Service was great and staff was highly attentive. We had outdoor seating on a mild day and it's plenty spacious for a party of two. My recommendations are the kibbeh and kunafa for snacks. Sahara isn't ideal for dinner.", 2, 1], "0yUphSiYJN1c7Tjyk8j31w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/26/2014", "I don't understand why the chef was not willing to substitute a grilled lamb chop for a grilled chicken breast when both are on the menu in the customer is willing to pay the up chargeThen the salad came out with pale pink excuses for tomatoes", 1, 1], "m4ns8CMTipiu_Fc3wJirmQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/26/2014", "Though the food I have had here is decent, I really dislike the fact that the management routinely obstructs the PUBLIC sidewalk with their restaurant tables, chairs, and chain posts. I have asked the servers/staff about this and they seem ignorant that pedestrians need space on the sidewalk and have been very defensive about their encroachment onto this city, public sidewalk, as if they can just set up their tables wherever they feel like. If you stop by here, be sure to ask the management to stay inside the painted white lines and keep the public space open for people walking, in wheelchairs, with strollers, i.e. open for the public.If the tables and chairs are offered on the public space it seems they are free for the public to use--without ordering anything.", 1, 3], "56AtIiZU_Sy80rEQ8TBtyQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/23/2014", "Perfect dolmades, fabulous kibbeh, excellent babganoush and hummus. Service friendly but somewhat lackadaisical service. Has wine and beer on tap. Highly recommended.", 5, 0], "ykrCuu_FiuKfJUKg8q_9Og": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/5/2014", "Food is between subpar and ok. The dips are pretty good, about the same quality as a store bought dip. The falafel salad was ridiculously big and drenched in oil and vinegar. That being said, the service is horrendous. During our visit around 1:30 for lunch on a Saturday, there was only one person outside of the kitchen staff, acting as host, waiter, and busboy. I saw multiple groups walk away because he was busy picking up dishes and nobody was there to greet. It took about 30 minutes for us to order and another 30 to get our salad and dips. All in all a pretty disappointing experience.", 2, 2], "u5Q7-Tnv-YNz9x2Lt943eQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/4/2014", "Server took the drink order from one person in our party. Left and came back with the drink. And never asked anyone else for their drink order. Off to an odd start. Mediterranean platter (Appetizer trio) is a great deal. Choose any 3 and you nearly have a meal. I also ordered the lamb chops medium and they came out well done and dry. 2 of the 3 lamb chops were inedible. $24 for barely any meat is a complete rip-off. My server told me that they were cooked medium. Brought out the check without us asking so I guess we can't have coffee or dessert. Total check came to $89 for lunch. Don't waste your time or money.", 1, 4], "0ZcIdEkYP_CzZJKlZP4O7Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/27/2014", "While the food is good, the business is not. The owner is a misogynistic a-hole who hits on female workers and customers. This comes from first hand experience and stories from others. It's also too expensive for what it serves and the owner is very stingy when it comes to add-ons. An extra piece of reheated pita or spoonful of olive oil will cost you a $1 AT LEAST. The staff is also pretty terrible-- but probably because they are verbally abused in the back of the restaurant. NO JOKE.", 1, 4], "h8fthlgEMEpRmnkCYVGu1Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "11/11/2013", "After a weekend movie, our favorite restaurants in the area were all packed - a 30-minute wait at Just a Taste, etc, so we continued on and realized we had never been to Sahara so decided to give it a try. Getting a table here was not a problem - there was one couple at the bar (looked like the belly dancing entertainment which we happily missed) and one other at a table. The server spoke with lightening speed when there was no need for a rush, which did not give a relaxed atmosphere and the ethnic music was too loud for my taste, and the TV a distraction. We never got the special herbed bread we ordered but the dishes we did get far surpassed our expectations. A chicken special, a lamb chop special, and the Sahara kabob combo platter were all tasty and left us happily satisfied. A bit overpriced but a nice surprise.", 4, 1], "RCkMG2j4c-nw_hFMGgzn7w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/12/2013", "Shish kabab, chicken kabab are pretty damn good. Get the combo plate to taste all at once!!", 4, 0], "9pKJS-MR6ttvvqcglGIM4Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/7/2013", "AWESOME TABOULI! I could honestly eat that every day. Absolutely delicious... as best as it gets to homemade Tabouli.", 5, 0], "CZjflCFT0hWA0_AVAp3BeQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "7/9/2013", "After watching The Avengers I needed to get a schwarma like every other geek on the planet and Sahara has them.First off we ordered Hummus and Pita chips which was fantastic! It's hard to make it wrong but still they were a cut above your ordinary hummus and chips.But onto the real deal here, the schwarma. I was so excited for this but was disappointed. It wasn't as good as I was hoping it would be. The veggies and meet were perfect as well as the wrap but I wasn't a fan of the sauce. The schwarma sauce is just off to me. I liked it don't get me wrong but I don't think I'd order it again. That's not to say this place isn't good.The service was fantastic and the prices were a little above decent but that's what I've come to expect in Ithaca.I'm definitely going to go back to review this place again as I have a hankering need for a gyro. I'd love to rate this place higher because it wasn't the food that was bad I just didn't like the sauce. Will update in the future but for right now they're getting an A-OK.", 3, 0], "Hb4qlhE9QclJc91selanYg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/26/2013", "This place was a HUGE disappointment. Arriving at 6 pm I should have noted the lack of customers but I was lured in by the quaint decor and delicious sounding menu. I ordered spanikopita and the chicken Shish kebab place. The spanikopita came out in about ten minutes, piping hot but slightly lacking in flavor. I then waited forty minutes. No one acknowledged me, checked in... Nothing. I finally asked about my entree and was told \"they are working on it\". Please note: there are now only three tables seated. When the food comes out it is hot, but again lacking. There is an over abundance of garlic and I can't eat it. After fifteen more minutes of no one checking on me. I stop a waiter for my check. He doesn't bother to address my barely touched food, just takes it away. Ironically, the entire process of dropping of my check and coming back to pick it up took less than five minutes. Being new to Ithaca, I'm identifying my new favorite places to eat. This one did NOT make the cut!!!", 1, 1], "MLf0jeDlHQbdxav9jXQ1Vg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/2/2013", "Hummus good. Service subpar. Friends ordered salads. I ordered swordfish. Friend's soup came out staggered alone from appetizers. Salads came out, large portions they enjoyed them and then we waited... And waited... For my swordfish. A side salad appeared as the waitress expressed that it was on the way. Twenty five minutes later the sword fish came out while my friends were half way through their meals. I turned the fish away, no longer hungry. 10 minutes later the owner came out, told me a story about the ordered being imputed wrong. That he \"wanted me to enjoy his special meal\" no offer of a comp, just vague promise of \"a dessert treat we would like.\" Not wanting to cause a scene I accepted the fish back, pecked at it. No desserts came our way and the fish remained on the tab. Never again. Obviously a business run with the wrong sort of mindset.", 2, 5], "xxqpyddW6jhCiUX8zevRNw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/2/2013", "This is the best restaurant in Ithaca. The food is always fresh and the prices are extremely reasonable. I have never been disappointed.My two favorites are the Beef Shawarma (side Greek salad, pieces of beef, tahini, roasted tomatoes, rice) and the Sahara Veggie Plate (hummus, baba ganoush, grape leaves, falafel, Greek salad, feta cheese, warm pita, olives). Cath's Specialty Plate is also a good option.If you are in the mood for a light dessert the Lemon Cream Cake is delicious and made at the restaurant. This is also a good choice if you go with a group that has both meat eaters and vegetarians. The options are delicious and the portions are good for both.", 5, 1], "3HziWcCooJf3Ww9WpPmrIw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/19/2012", "Very average fare: lentil soup tasteless and tepid. Chicken extremely dry, although it was claimed it had been marinated. Tabouli salad nearly all parsley: very little mint or onion. Service was good, staff was pleasant and helpful, ambience nice, but I can do better in my own kitchen.", 2, 0], "A1EuPzdxA6zBWNHcn_Hu2A": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/26/2012", "Pros: Nice atmosphere, belly dancers on certain evenings (can be a con if you dont like that kind of scene), The service is good (not great).Cons: The food is between \"meh Ive had better\" and \"A-ok\" to be very yelp in explaining it.", 3, 1], "ne6c4GZwk5NHhpwk5iBdyQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/9/2012", "The food is mediocre. I've never eaten anything that tastes bad, but nothing I've had there was great either. Service was also extremely slow every time I visited. After several visits, I don't think I'd ever voluntarily return unless someone else was choosing the restaurant.", 2, 0], "e1yEDFujrwQ_CQH2CwXYRw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "9/30/2012", "went last night with a bridal party of 12. 2 hours until we got our food. After complaining to the waitress, she got the owner who came out, said sorry and walked away. Not professional at all for a business owner. 2 meals never came out, AND he tried to charge us for them. No full bar like advertised, no liquor license. Would NEVER go there again and Never recommend to anyone we know. Actually sat outside at the restaurant and shared with other people who were going to eat there. sent about 20 people away. Owner was the biggest jerk I ever met and called me a liar about how long we were there..I wouldn't even give one star if I didn't have to.l", 1, 0], "BUBX9RPGagRqt44_khrHLw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "5/9/2012", "In town picking up my son from IC food was good, i had falafel pita he had a gyro.we both liked it, my salad was delish very fresh with lemon/olive oil dressing. My only complaint was that the service was sooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!! If they can fix that it would be A-ok", 4, 1], "Tt423VRe9wCJHt4rYAv59w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/1/2012", "I regularly travel to Qatar, and have middle eastern roots. The culinary incentive for my trips has largely vanished with the opening of Sahara. Their Syrian/Middle Eastern cuisine is authentic and excellent. Spice level is on the milder side. The grilled meats are lean, delicious and authentically seasoned. The grilled pita bread (at least the white version; I haven't tried the whole wheat, because for middle eastern food that's just wrong . . .) doesn't taste and feel like cardboard (an Ithaca first . . .). Although they don't spit-roast their chicken, their chicken shawarma pita is delicious. My wife rarely eats meat. Sahara's version of foules mesdames - a traditional bean dish - is by far the best I've had anywhere. Their labneh - a thick yogurt appetizer - is also superb, especially eaten with baba ganoush or hummos and pita. The tabouleh is fresh, delicate and light - unlike what you get in food bars; ask for the dressing on the side. The falafels are tasty and crunchy, although I prefer the softer, more heavily seasoned version at the Corners Deli. The middle eastern desserts - baklava, kunafa, basbosa - are all home made, fresh tasting and light - not sickly sweet, syrup soaked and soggy as in most middle eastern restaurants. For someone used to the rice pudding at diners, Wegman's and Cornell, Sahara's rice pudding is a revelation. The portions are generous (as in the middle east), and the pricing - especially of the appetizers, pitas and desserts, is extremely reasonable. The wait-staff are young, likely students. They do their best, but as at most Ithaca restaurants, don't expect the experienced professionalism of, e.g., the Heights or John Thomas. In terms of its execution of a particular cuisine, Sahara may be Ithaca's best restaurant. It is without doubt the best middle eastern restaurant in Central New York.", 5, 1], "GUlTdyNr48LXL9HqlY74JA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/24/2012", "While the food was not bad at all (meat was tender, veggies fresh), the service could certainly be improved. We waited 30 minutes for gyros (should be simple and easy at a Mediterranean restaurant, wouldn't you think?) while the groups who had arrived after us had already gotten their food. We were ignored by the service, who remained not too happy after we questioned where our food was. Good food, disappointing service.", 3, 2], "KBYOOkoCzPqi0EoxIJMGZg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/8/2012", "the service at sahara is excellent -- two stars for thatthe food at sahara was a little disappointing, especially at its price point. indeed, the hummus and baba are pretty good, but its frustrating to think that i'm paying extra for sides of pita so that i can actually enjoy the dipi wasn't particular fond of the extra oil in the tabbouleh, but it wasn't terriblenext time, i'll have to try the spanokopita", 3, 0], "7KPB1DAlglreS_TaTwXrgg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/31/2012", "OK, well, after a bit more than a year after my initial review, we have only wanted to go back to Sahara a couple of times. It's just not that great. And, the soup that I loved so much at first really isn't the same anymore. It's less flavorful and just not quite as good.I'm not really a fan of the atmosphere and I'd never eat there while there are belly dancers there. I think that is a bit hokey. We've never had a particularly bad meal there, but it's just not even a place that we think of going because it's just kind of \"OK.\"", 3, 0], "C8SgH_blGlb7rJItFJmYYg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/29/2012", "Excellent food! Great service! And in addition, belly dancing!", 5, 0], "PBC0P32HgpOLlRyiNIt_0w": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/21/2011", "Spanakopita is sub par, but I find everything else to be exceptional. Labneh, hummus and babaganoush are outstanding. Service is pretty good.", 4, 2], "WfSYWkVdttRERX_3cdogTw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/17/2011", "Average to good. Food was decent but little things annoyed me. You have to pay extra for pita! I think this is a little rediculous considering the prices and portion sizes.", 3, 0], "pH57RatiUCkCgwMNKsZyZQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "10/2/2011", "Average food. Very very slow food service. Not the wait staff's fault. Waited almost an hour for entrees, nothing very complicated, Pitas were OK. Veggie platter my wife liked. Kebab combo was overcooked, meat was dry and the marinade was distant. Charged for a second glass of wine we never ordered. Too many good restaraunts in Ithaca to bother to go again.", 2, 1], "NaYjImqRjdIOV9YfeTwuVQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "8/19/2011", "Fantabulous! Yeah, may not be a word but who cares. If it sounds good when you're describing food/restaurant, than so what, right? We are new to the area and stopped by Sahara to grab a bite to eat. We enjoy trying out new places, which makes everything in Ithaca new to us. I ordered the Schwarma Wrap - had pickles added (a must!) to the wrap instead of on the side. Great tasting Schwarma! Messy, but that added to the whole experience.My significant other had the Falafel Salad and the portion size was nothing to shake a stick at; totally worth the cost, for both our orders. Flavors in the salad and wrap were quite impressive and have us wanting to go back for more visits to taste other menu items.We'll for sure bring our guests to Sahara so we can share the wonderful experience.", 4, 0], "qlGgYfQvyvSDRXJmPc_oaQ": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "6/16/2011", "The spanakopita was very good when I went, and served in two generous portions. I would go back just for the white bean and chicken chili (maybe not the most authentic food but it was SO good). But my shish kebab pita was so disappointing that I just changed my rating from a 4 to a 3.The wheat pita was very dry (won't do that again) and the tomatoes were rock hard. The beef kebab itself was fine, but the sauce totally flavorless. My boyfriend enjoyed his chicken shwarma but said he'd get beef next time.", 3, 0], "8vF95Zaw_mRUmB2hLfs3qg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/17/2011", "Labneh appetizer (now served with two pitas, not one as a previous reviewer noted) was teriffic. Veggie plate was very good indeed, hummus and baba ghanouj are excellent. Much appreciated as I'm vegetarian. Spanakopita was also very good. Carnivores in my party enjoyed their kabobs and swordfish.Decor is elegant and comfortable, and makes good use of the bar from the building's days as Micawber's Pub. Service is very attentive, and the belly dancer added a unique touch to the entertainment.Why not 5 stars? Vegetable kabobs were dried out, not that flavorful. Otherwise, everything was good, including Baklava for desert, something I've yearned for since the chef closed his place in Center Ithaca food court (King David).", 4, 1], "hCLjnSgwx7949HlVQhG4UA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "4/2/2011", "Ate there recently; all the food was fantastic. Everything was perfectly prepared and seasoned. The service was great. I recommend the lentil soup, the tabouli, and the veggie plate (the hummus and baba ghanouj were truly tops). We liked the understated decor, actually; mixes old building with modern materials.", 5, 2], "YULKSNLVsLUD5KxxnpAqyA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/30/2011", "Its just fine.as others said, its not super exceptional, but I'd be happy to dine there again. and again. It's Mediterranean comfort food. The night I went, it was busy, and the the wait time for the entree was very, very long. (45 minutes.) I'd like to think that this was a one time problem.", 3, 0], "IHXqAjvWtsP-KkS_tB7V8A": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "3/29/2011", "I would not waste my time ever going back again! The food is over priced for the quality The service is horrible and slower than death... I thought Moosewood was slow but this place makes the servers of Moosewood look like the Flash! We were so hungry and our apps of hummus and falafel were taking so long that I got up walked down the block to another new place Mercato where they told me they had a 35 min wait, left my name and number wand walked bask down to Sahara, still no Apps on the table, 25 mins later the apps arrived we ate our over priced hummus and burned falafel and paid the bill and went down to Mercato for a wonderful meal that arrived quickly, on a plate not wrapped in foil for $18.00If you want GREAT Mediterrain food head to Cortland to Pita Gourmet! Otherwise store bought hummus would do the job!", 1, 1], "aYiQQj-kbh-ackNA6NAPZw": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "2/6/2011", "Sahara is extremely mediocre. I can't say anything I had was awful, but nothing was very good either.The labneh appetizer was rich and creamy, which is good; but was seasoned with a mysterious black powder that completely lacked any sort of flavor. Some zatar and/or sumac would work wonders here. It was also chintzily served with a single piece of reheated pita bread, divided into quarters. A request for one more piece yielded a $1 extra charge on the bill. This is laughable.The kabob combination plate was relatively plentiful and included a decent salad of greens and tomatoes, but the salad dressing (lemon/olive oil) was so bitter and liberally slathered over the greens that I couldn't finish it. The kebab meat was generally dry, salty and a bit chewy. It all lacked the tenderness and flavor that one expects in good middle eastern kabobs. The kafta was probably the best of the three in that I could at least taste a semblance of parsley and other spices, but it was still dry. I've had much better elsewhere; and the saltiness left me thirsty for the rest of the night.Service was friendly and reasonably attentive, and the space was warm and welcoming. The music was a bit loud for conversation, and the roaming belly dancer felt a bit ridiculous; possibly contributing to atmosphere for some, but I found she just made it hard to keep a straight face and continue conversation when she was nearby.I'd love to have good middle eastern food in downtown Ithaca, but we're not there yet.", 2, 0], "CLvGyv2NiGpeEfH7Suwo-g": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/29/2011", "Sahara was a Sunday night early dinner affair for me. We were the only table in the dining room. They're still working on their liquor license, so \"adult beverages\" were out of the question. I would not recommend the place to many people. To begin with, the awning proudly displays the restaurant's name in Papyrus font. Easily the most horrendous and easily recognizable font in the book. One word: LAME.Ordered a $6 hummus appetizer - it came with ONE pita. Ask for another, they charge you an additional $1 !!! What's the deal, pita nazi?Falafel was decent, but serving a sandwich on a plate wrapped in foil is a serious downgrade for a sit-down full service restaurant. Not impressed.", 2, 2], "mk47TwSr29SoYDd2-6HDbA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/5/2011", "Awesome restaurant. Food and service is outstanding. One of the best places to dine in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "-7MktmbYSQi_bGKKHzXTHA": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "1/5/2011", "Sahara is thoroughly mediocre. The food is fine and there is nothing wrong with it, but it lacks any distinctive flair. Same goes for the service and decor. My partner and I went to Sahara for lunch and ordered a gyro and a chicken kabob pita. Both were decent, but truly nothing special to call home about. One came with a small side salad and the other with a side of fries. The fries were far from delicious; thoroughly fried and anything but unique. The food is overpriced for the quality, and the presentation of the wraps made them look no different from street food. They were wrapped in aluminum foil and placed on a white, generic plate with no sense for presentation. For a sit down restaurant, the aluminum foil seems unnecessary and only detracts from the experience. As one of the newer additions to Ithaca's restaurant row, Sahara is going to need to step up to the plate and offer more of a unique experience if they want to make it.", 2, 1], "BQh0pAiu4OUThS85h7Dy3Q": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/26/2010", "Sahara has potential, but right now it lacks any sort of distinguishing decor, service or food. The food is hit or miss - the veggie platter is really salty, the spanakopita is TERRIBLE but the labne is pretty good.I agree that is has the best hummus and babaganoush in Ithaca, but is that really saying anything?", 3, 6], "XdzZUFqW3VWpyeQRWZMdjg": ["Yelp", "Sahara Mediterranean Restaurant", "12/15/2010", "We ate at Sahara for the first time tonight. We will be back again and again. Try the hummus and baba- both are the best in town. The baklava is fabulous. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is very comfortable and welcoming. This place is a winner!", 5, 1]}
{"Q8sIGOwcwKvhPfCTKKrQyA": ["Yelp", "Royal Court Restaurant", "1/5/2019", "I would give it less than one star if I could.  The food is hard to swallow.  The \"salad bar\" is sparse with few options. I was tempted to try chicken wings for my entree, and in hindsight I should have. My prime rib was a bit overdone and tasted funky. Combine that with it not being served with horseradish, and I'm left very unsatisfied. Our server was good, and did what she could to please us. Otherwise, skip this place if at all possible.", 1, 0], "-i4hxB69BAa52JZ_2buKMA": ["Yelp", "Royal Court Restaurant", "10/9/2018", "The perfect breakfast/lunch meeting place. Reasonable price, friendly service and decent food. The kind of place where staff remembers your preference and you always feel welcome.", 5, 1], "9uvCNNbMjaY1I0rCLwV-ew": ["Yelp", "Royal Court Restaurant", "1/10/2018", "Decor is outdated but the food was pretty good. Burgers are good. Would definitely return.", 3, 1], "8XJaw-iRftobQRjuUMvW_g": ["Yelp", "Royal Court Restaurant", "12/24/2014", "This place is Ithaca's nostalgic centerpiece. A fixture in the city, this lounge's kitschy charm is authentic and comforting. It's not the newest, the best or the most trendy but perhaps the most interesting and definitely worth reserving for a party, group dinner or event. The naysayer in earlier posts has blinders on and should stick to the chain restaurants that are the same in every city. The berry pie and carrot cake are the closest to home made I've had outside home. Marilyn the owner is super sweet and Jackie was a wonderful host and server.", 4, 3], "LBW2h1g0GoZLbqc5m69dog": ["Yelp", "Royal Court Restaurant", "10/30/2014", "Don't waste your money eating in this shit hole...it was filthy dirty disgusting!...the place hasn't been cleaned since it opened in the 70s ....the same d\u00e9cor also...DISGUSTING!!!", 1, 2]}
{"kr0rYsxs8heTElFVpHHwNw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/1/2019", "My personal favorite o Ithaca. I believe this place it the best burger place at college town. Bit expensive but still very. And the amount is kinda a lot", 5, 0], "A-il12fph3iW0dB4OL8MSw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "1/30/2019", "The food never showed and they won't answer their phone. What a waste and now I have to get my money back through my bank.", 1, 0], "EdWoDzu_LOCtWlLPc2kdUw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/11/2018", "Rude service and completely overpriced. You can get a better burger for less in Manhattan.", 1, 0], "fMQmlN3DHIzfmrwAF7fXkw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/2/2018", "Terrible food, no flavor, no napkins no forks or spoons, and Grubhub with its 2 hr delivery service didn't help.", 1, 0], "7dGbb72qWsF23jVINex7pg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/26/2018", "Came from out of town looking for a quick bite and I will certainly never be back here. I waited over an hour for just an Oreo milkshake and a half size of fries and that was only because I went to the register to ask how much longer they'd be. They hadn't even started making the shake and yet my order of \"Roasted Garlic\" fries were cold basic french fries swimming in a pool of oil with a spoonful of diced garlic tossed on the top. I was looking forward to have found a cool new spot in Ithaca but Jack's was certainly not it.", 1, 0], "d7zq1zrYr8Uz7byduhKq-A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/24/2018", "My friends and I have a tradition of going to Jack's on fridays for free FRYday promotion so I have like two years of experience with this place.Their wings are okay, their fries are okay but their Jack's sauce is pretty good. Their milkshakes are really good but you can't really go wrong with that, kinda of impossible... I've tried their mozzarella sticks and instantly regretted it, they were trash. Their Mac and cheese is not bad though! But what triggers me the most is not their mediocre food, but their despicable service. Without a fail, they always have an hour wait before your order comes out. Someone in my friend group always gets the wrong item or they end up never even getting their food at all. The cashier lady is always rude, like girl I get it your job is hella stressful but I think it'd be better if you were nicer to customers. Something needs to change about their business!Why do I keep coming back you might ask? I have a counterintuitive group of friends, and it's kind of a running joke between us. Also, we were a group of broke college students and the deal was only $5.", 1, 0], "GFaa0wUs0BD5FnYcRSyzVA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "7/26/2018", "no story, just bullet points.this happened on 4/14/18-didn't have pretzels, no accommodation for the mistake-waited 45 minutes for food, had to ask about it-order was supposed to be customized, it wasn't-food was cold (best guess is that it got made and no one told the girl up front)-let girl behind counter know, she offered to remake, i did not want to wait another 45 minutes. she offered a refund, i accepted, was told it would be in my account in 5-10 days-money never appeared-i called the store on 5/4/18 was told to call 1-607-882-0453. was told they respond to these things promptly-i called that number the same day left message, no reply-i called that number again on 6/5/18 left message, again no reply-i've never used yelp, but something clicked one day and i decided to look on yelp. sure enough i see someone responding to some bad reviews-here's your chance to make it right - order number #587-21406-#32418-1523742749.003106 4/14/2018 6:07pm total of $20.07.the way i see it you guys can't do anything right, prove me wrong.", 1, 0], "AaXboqw1L2SyzmXtxL355g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "6/8/2018", "Waited in store for over an hour for a small Mac and cheese, they told me it would be a 10 minute wait when I ordered, and consistently added time to that until I was over half an hour past my lunch break at work. Ridiculous.", 2, 0], "9cXruN0Japd7XIs4w5gGUg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/23/2018", "Good food but the wait is too long! Seems like they are growing their veggies back in the kitchen... a burger shouldn't take over 50minutes to make", 1, 0], "DVZZWVg1SbJh45nzkTeaww": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/17/2018", "Food was delicious! Perfect place for one of the best burgers you can get in Ithaca! The fries we got were truly amazing. They were cooked very well and had a great crispiness to them", 5, 0], "RmZ5P2hkt8sU68L7T5qw9w": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/10/2018", "Well I've been waiting for an hour for my burger and this is ridiculous. I've been told my order is almost ready and 3 other people have gotten their orders...food in the past has been fine but not worth this wait. Honestly the worst of collegetown.", 1, 0], "2-kgoPpWAx7OkTlO1xH4_A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/9/2018", "Very disappointed. The food was okay; Mac and cheese was underwhelming. I waited 45 minutes for them to tell me they forgot my order. Not to mention their prices aren't great to begin with. Don't fall for it, go somewhere else!", 2, 0], "yBsHApGXgS1dyp5trbXzhw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "4/27/2018", "Terrible service. Multiple times the employees have been rude, and it always takes forever to get food.", 1, 0], "zaRjo9oDrR2-hkHA-6TPpQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "4/22/2018", "spilled my mac and cheese everywherethey made a fresh one free and cleaned it up food was great, very nice people", 5, 0], "b2IjviC8BabUrUbBrmsJgw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/15/2018", "Little bar / carry out in Cornell college town. I only went to the carry out area but nobody greets you. I was just visiting a friend so I didn't have the app to order ahead. Instead of a clerk to take your order there's a pair of iPad to put it in.They work fine but it's so impersonal. Besides that the menu is pretty awesome. I highly recommend the pickle burger. It was juicy and complex. A meaty burger with fresh veggies and fried pickle to cut through. The chipotle mayo also went well with it.A full mac and cheese dish runs about 15 dollars but it really was spectacular. we got the fried chicken on top and that itself was really top notch.Do yourself a favor and order a milkshake. The oreo red velvet was in no way conservative. I think it's my favorite milkshake of all time. It isn't the biggest but it was packed with flavor and had the perfect heft. If you go to school here you should definitely get the app. Me and my friends put our orders in a minute from each other but my meal came out 10minutes later... huge downer.Food is a 10/10 but service was lacking due to the lack of front staff and nobody to ask questions. Additionally I think the location could use some cleaning up. They need some work for the store to match the food.", 4, 0], "wk-1V2_nQQ6erxLdSL0uJg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/1/2018", "Jack's is one of those places you should take a bit of advice about before going to. I go to Jack's grill a lot and here are three really important things:1) Mistakes/screw-ups in orders are actually a bit common. HOWEVER, if you mention your issue to anyone, they'll be super chill and make it better. So, while they do make an above-average number of mistakes or mix-ups, you can more than count on them to make it up to you. The first time I ordered from Jacks, my order was impossibly screwed up (literally everything was incorrect). I went to the place the next day to complain, and they immediately apologized, gave me a full refund, and even gave me free lunch. I go there semi-regularly and if anything comes out wrong or tastes off, they give me a fair discount or something on the next meal. 2) The food is really average. Like, reliably average. If you are a college student and just want a decent burger and decent fries in collegetown, go here. 3) I hate the stools. All the seats are stools and I really wish they would have at least a few normal tables with normal chairs.", 5, 0], "lLGGMBmQZkHnYc84qIPo5Q": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/25/2018", "The burgers and stuff are good but avoid the Mac and cheese! So watery and lacks flavor of any kind. I was thoroughly disappointed.", 3, 0], "t7WHaZnRD4f1ukBa9ceYBA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/17/2018", "After 2 hours of waiting and calling thrice I was told they dont know what happened to my order and its being \"remade\". The call ended with \"you dont have to be rude\" especially when I was extra polite after knowing my food was lost thank you very much. Never ordering again since I want to eat at eating time.", 1, 0], "g9jV1Ve0d2MsRr0_lZ5ZLg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/17/2018", "An easy favorite for CTown drinks and reasonable food. They have rotating draft but nothing too original. The burgers are great, the wings and fries rival Wings Over Ithaca, and they do all day breakfast. Really the best part of Jack's is how it's usually not crowded, and the service is always on point.", 4, 0], "TKSb19EkWjrcNY-rC63g5A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/15/2018", "According to the delivery person, delivery doesn't come upstairs because of an \"insurance thing,\" despite delivery before him always coming upstairs... interesting. Believable? You tell me.", 1, 0], "PlGoNvv--vhk2E2ZACluxA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/10/2018", "Andrew the bartender gave us great deals on shots that were actually well drinks, which turned out to be the price on the menu lol! Wings are great even though we didn't have them, much better than the chicken nuggets at Wings over Ithaca. Great golf matches on TV and basketball and they give out lots of free merch and drinks at the Super Bowl. $2.50 for shots!! Also great jazz for those quiet reflective moments. Shots!!! Great if you're a second semester senior. Shots. Bad memories of the Fireball here but we're broke college students so who cares lol amirite it'll be fine", 5, 0], "ETBb9wpaguu-VpYqJFI9HQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/6/2018", "The delivery food from here is really inconsistent. My first order, fried chicken sandwich, fries,loaded nachos was really good. Second time, ordered the same thing, food was all cold and the nacho cheese was like curdled? It was inedible. I have it one more shot and ordered the sandwich fries and loaded tots. Tots weren't 'loaded' they were clearly straight from the microwave and just had some chives and green onions thrown on top, don't even think there was any cheese like shown in the picture. There was something really funky going on with the chicken it was soggy along with the bun. What I've learned is that the food gets worse as the day goes on. I won't order from here again, but if you choose to order as early as possible.", 2, 0], "aPZmtk4J-Nu51pudyCBrlw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "1/12/2018", "Looks they really listened to reviews and feedback and brought back some favorite regulars - sometimes they mess up orders, but overall still a great place when you're craving a burger in college town.", 4, 0], "SbZypLV5XSXRPHhC25ZZRg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/21/2017", "After an hour of waiting for two orders of Mac-n-Cheese I call the restaurant. The person I spoke to looked up the order and all she could say was, \"he's on his way.\" I respond, \"can you tell me how much longer it will be?\" Her response, \"look, all I can say is he left the restaurant with your order and will be there soon!\" in the rudest tone. Than the driver arrives and calls me from my front yard asking me to come downstairs and get my order. Now I get an attitude from the driver because I expect the food to be delivered, not somewhere CLOSE to my front door.I've ordered from here in the past and NEVER had a problem. This place is going downhill FAST!!AVOID!", 1, 0], "YtZvttsRkW3fbEJZGu0XhA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/12/2017", "Waited 20 minutes for my sandwich. Two bites in, looked at the chicken and realized it was severely undercooked based off its soft texture and pink color. I went up front and showed them my sandwich, and they agreed to make me a new one but I ended up having to wait 30 minutes, with no apology or anything. Food poising is serious and I pray to God I didn't get salmonella from their undercooked sandwich--just surprised at how they handled the situation.", 1, 0], "zZ4bE8Xw3nr7WFcwBQyg5w": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/3/2017", "I ordered from this place a dozen times. Most recently I requested the same thing I always do -- two ranch and a blue cheese understanding the extra cost for extra sauce. I received: two honey mustard. No big deal! I called to try to rectify the mistake and all I got was a rude manager explaining to me that they couldn't be expected to accommodate special requests during the dinner rush. He then hung up on me. In what world is it acceptable to completely ignore the request of customers and then be rude to them? Only order from this place if you're ready to be disrespected. Never again.", 1, 5], "luRoutaciqVvkD9RtQMbdw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/29/2017", "I absolutely love this restaurant. I work across the road so it's always my go to for a quick lunch. I usually order the grilled chicken tenders there. Very tasty. They come with the kaboom sauce or whatever it's called and a dipping sauce. I just recently ordered a veggie burger. And although I got avocado on it when I asked for it to be omitted, it was still delicious. The woman at the counter is also very friendly and welcoming. They have daily specials which really help to get the most for your money. I personally always take advantage of free fry Friday.", 4, 0], "ODY6AZweBk6jBwfc4LYlGA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/15/2017", "These kids are just playing with food, throwing it together. This place use to be impressive. Now I feel bad the owner allowed this place to decline as such. The college student young pallet has ruined quality Ithaca food. Come on Jack really? Don't you care what you serve?", 2, 1], "ev1pOXFIGS-TUMuNNL9qgA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/8/2017", "Do not order from here. Food was over two hours late. Had to call resturant twice to get my food. Food was sub-par for price and cold.", 1, 2], "bzC1fs4RqLZCtACeRsDSFQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "7/1/2017", "161 things not to do at Cornell: Eat nachos at Jack's Grill. Just kidding..If you are deciding on where to eat in Ithaca, come to Jack's Grill!! It was truly an unforgettable dining experience! When you come here, you'll realize the hospitality is genuine. We ordered chicken and waffles but the guy's waffle maker wasn't working, so he made us french toast instead! What a charming gesture!! I love the negligible end slices of bread and chicken thats 80% fried flour!But make sure you get the nachos! Their hospitality shines once again because I think they don't want you to burn your poor tongue so the nachos wait in the back until it becomes nice and soggy! If you are a fan of cottage cheese mixed with melted i dont wanna know what, you'll love the nachos! The \"cheese\" is curdly and thick and has an interesting mouthfeel. Overall, I had fun trying to scraping off the \"cheese\" sauce off of the nacho and eating the chip and then realizing that bagels would have been a better idea..", 1, 2], "7ho_i1RR3Gj-zdl43Hkj1A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/30/2017", "The service is absolutely horrible. Cashier person didn't show up for about the first 20 minutes. We ordered online about 30 min ahead of time and we still had to wait another 30 min at the restaurant. Server wouldn't tell us when order would be ready. Save your time and order somewhere else", 1, 0], "63OwgO8GWwyc9ZMZFjMP7w": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/26/2017", "The food is fresh and delicious, but this may be the slowest restaurant in the world. Ordered online multiple times, arrived when they told me to, and I still wind up waiting for more than 15 minutes. That's unacceptable, especially for grilled food that should be quick to prepare.", 3, 0], "rf_ae5MlkNUAZWX5U4oH0Q": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/14/2017", "Although Jack's has improved greatly in the quality and the pricing of their food in the past year, it now takes 30-60 minutes for food to to be made, and orders usually do not come with the correct toppings. Ordering online is a gamble as Jack's has removed the estimated time when the order is ready as they don't even know when it will be done. If I order a burger or sandwich, toppings are usually not added. This is especially infuriating when adding premium toppings, which cost $1.00 each. Eating at the location is also not so great as orders are backed up even when the place isn't packed and staff argue loudly sometimes over orders. This review is sad because I genuinely like the food at Jack's, but everything negative about the place is really holding it back.", 2, 1], "xwy7FMJTi7-2pS-SHc52pw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/8/2017", "I ordered delivery and there was a mistake with the first order the manger was very nice about it and promptly sent a new order out that came perfect the wings are always delicious defiantly the best chicken in town", 5, 0], "wfdX1ZBPuErU_D8w283JHA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/1/2017", "Strong menu, plenty of choices. Worth a visit. A bit on the pricey side for lunch, and a 20 minute wait for a burger seems a bit long.", 3, 0], "wLCIlgcM7CbJEy9l4bsCGA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "1/23/2017", "Love this place. The food is great quality and if you are a student such good comfort food! The portions I think are spot on. I love the milkshakes. They have options for burgers for vegetarians and the black bean option is delicious. The fries are good and the shakes are yummy. Only downside is the price as it is pricey.", 5, 0], "kRGAIPU8uj2Ph5e-JmtBhg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/30/2016", "What happened to this place? Rude staff. Rudest in Ithaca! Food was cold and nasty after waiting forever to get it. We came in on a weekend maybe a couple month ago and the manager was so cool. She made sure our food was perfect. I asked for her on my last visit and she's gone now I guess. Brilliant. Well the food sucks again the fat guy at the bar with the rudest personality ever pretty much told me he didn't care if I wasn't happy with the food or service. NOT wasting money on future visits.", 1, 0], "mhCx7qxG8vcI4BlEF5Cflw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/8/2016", "I could fucking raise a chicken, cut it up into little pieces and fry it before these fuckers give me my wings", 1, 10], "X7hEdhGZmzso-JTTRk7nug": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/27/2016", "Decided to try something new, what a find. Very unassuming from the street, but the food is awesome. The mac and cheese is to die for, just come hungry, the portions are big. The burgers are out of this world. Let me recommend the Pacman burger.", 5, 0], "r__2YiBPJQJ3qSYLHEfjzw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/19/2016", "Jacks is awesome!!!!The garbage sauce on the wings is fabulous.Might just be the best cooked burger I've ever had, besides my own of course.", 5, 1], "LKbvF2NG_EJ5YAx9QDvXlg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/29/2016", "I wish there were negative stars. My food was ordered 3 hours ago and is still not here. I was charged for it. I called back to follow up and was hung up on in 4 occasions. I'm going to go in and complain and hopefully get my money back. Regardless I'm never ordering here again. I've never had such poor service", 1, 1], "FlkygjXDeoZwV8mgJsQrsQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/27/2016", "Jacks Grill has just recently redone the menu (and the space) AND ITS AMAZING!I came in recently because I heard it was all redone and I was *so* happy with my food! It was easy to order, came out fast and hot, and just tasted delicious!I highly suggest the cornbread, deep fried pickles (that wasabi dip tho), and especially the waffle iron cheese - it's incredible! Top it all off with a red velvet milkshake and you'll be set for the night!", 5, 1], "2MJutYd3zWXt8nAcmE8S-Q": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/18/2016", "Jack's has just reopened after renovations and changes to the menu! We went last night and enjoyed a local chicken sandwich (delish!), bacon cheese fries (yum!), and a chocolate peanut better shake (mmmmmmm....) -- all good! Love the self ordering stations. Nice job in bringing this place up a few notches!", 5, 2], "N6Tn2k5dMDuxiTijG8Ml8Q": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "7/2/2016", "4 of us ordered lunch from then yesterday and it was a disaster. The food arrived roughly when GrubHub said it would but that was the only highlight. All of our fries were soggy as if they had been sitting for some time before getting to us. Most notably our 2 cheese dog combo arrived sans cheese. I mean just wow. When I called the person taking calls apologized and said he'd send the cheese up right away with some new fries. Well almost an hour later we received some more soggy fries and a cup of cheese. Needless to say if I could leave a zero star review I would.", 1, 5], "9Z-BIrC9ze1VG_diLPR9gw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/21/2016", "I ordered a burger and wings with fries for lunch today. I had the burger and my friend the wings. About an hour later, I puked. I know that the burger is to blame because that's the only thing I ate today. This wasn't worth the $20 we paid for lunch.", 1, 0], "JvDTftDpI5m0Mi7YwLX0Xg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/2/2016", "The food here is solid! Good burgers, great chicken sandwiches, and crispy, well seasoned fries. The only downside is that they are a bit pricey compared to your typical burger joint - expect to pay around 10-12 dollars for a sandwich and fries. But otherwise a decent restaurant that's great for a quick meal.", 4, 0], "TMQQN-11zXKufj5G8LMPAQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "4/5/2016", "Food was cold and missing ordered items. The burger we got was pink and inedible (see photos!). On top of this they were unwilling to help us out on a refund or send another order. Would not order from there again.", 1, 0], "4NQh8Wg79d6g_A8pVefCtg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "4/1/2016", "The burgers are good, I'll give them that. But it's so RIDICULOUSLY overpriced that it's not worth it. This place has one goal: to rip off college kids suffering from Cornell's incompetence and refusal to build a dining hall for their Collegetown dorms. Instead, much like how they handle housing, Cornell throws their students to the sharks, like whoever owns Jack's. Simply disgusting.", 2, 0], "e8I6mnZVEnmekNas25gBkQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/20/2016", "Very good quality food, which is reflected in the price. You get what you pay for, which in this case are very good burgers, chicken, shakes, cheesesteaks. We have been very happy so far. We have done delivery and the service has been good, with considerate drivers, though on Fridays delivery can take a while, which I expect is due to volume. Definitely becoming one of our go to places here. Update: I have stood up for this place before, but is am done with them now. They keep getting the orders wrong. I Called a few days ago to let them know about the problem. They sort of hemmed and hawed and blamed it on the delivery service. Happened again today. Called the restaurant, and spoke to a manager named Steve. Told him the order was wrong again, asked for the charge to be reversed, and said it needed to be addressed or we wouldn't be ordering again. He said, and I quote: \"Well, don't then. See ya\" and hung up. Don't care how good your food is: if ok can't get the order right and your staff are jerks, you don't deserve to be in business.Update: The manager called back to apologize, which I appreciate.", 3, 3], "inI_tvPTmYJiN44KDmwouQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/24/2016", "Jack's used to be pretty good. Used to come here a lot for the weekday deals. Felt obligated to write a review now because of all these awful changes they've made. Overall everything is more expensive (nearly 4 dollars for a side order of plain fries?) All the original weekday deals are terrible now as its priced at $10 by including fries/drink or a milkshake, which doesn't feel like a deal at all. Their interesting and creative burgers + chicken sandwiches are no longer on menu and instead Jack's has opted for overpriced common ones, with the option to add your own toppings at high surcharges.", 2, 27], "E_kGrbTiSR2wwH-9KLpQnA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "1/18/2016", "Overpriced burgers of so-so quality. I'd only go on Wednesday when they have $5 burgers. The venue is decent for groups. Overall, Jack's could be better.", 3, 0], "ATVhgI2LoLdbmkHuh6eCtw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/14/2015", "No bang for your buck. The food is good, nothing spectacular, but you aren't getting what you pay for. The cheesesteak is $8, and not a substantial amount of food...and adding fries is an additional cost. It doesn't fill you up, and certainly is not what you think you're paying for. The food is average in taste, but quite overpriced. Not worth the $$$", 2, 0], "chRHAzbwbkqy9VRAsjm7Vw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/12/2015", "Quick place to grab a burger & fries. Got a cheeseburger with fries times 5 and we were all very happy.", 4, 0], "mGW83JiVX4GWQX9R7kE88Q": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/13/2015", "Jack's sucks. I've waited on a burger for 30 minutes here. Greasy food and w/o good taste. Stuffy, thick air inside. Not cheap enough to justify going there. Not a fan.", 2, 0], "bgjgPuCtTXyFr-GBTCIbyg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/23/2015", "I went to Jack's Grill for an early dinner and ordered cheeseburger with regular fries and drinks. It took about 4-5 minutes for my meal to come. Very freshly-made burger and fries, although the patty was quiet thin. 3 stars because I expect more from the $10.XX I spent.", 3, 3], "-uILZMqOLEenBAL6tGKY3w": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/6/2015", "I'd have a better impression of this place if it weren't so overpriced. The patty's are tiny 1/4 lb patties (think McDonalds patty size) and are definitely not worth $7.69 (price of most of their burgers, unless you want a plain burger). That's not even including fries. $3.99 for a side of fries, which aren't bad but they give you such a small portion and definitely aren't $4 good. $1.50 for a drink. $7.69 + $3.50 + $2.50 = $13.50. The owner claims this is a result of it being of higher quality burger than a fast food burger. Okay. The buns a little better. But $6 better? Nah. Think the patty is too thin? \"Then get a double,\" says the owner...yes, we get it. We pay more money, we'll get more food. The point is that $7.69 for a 1/4 lb patty just isn't reasonable. Want sauce? Pay $1.00 and get a portion cup of ranch.My guess is that extra money is to pay for the new bar they added and the rent that comes with that. I mean, I get it, it's Collegetown.Other people bitched about the service. I never have had a problem with it. Delivery has always been reasonable.tl;dr: foods fine, but not worth the price. fine service in my experience.", 3, 7], "Mhwgk8DO4wvD2A4etNBsZw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/6/2015", "Got the Sante age burger and I was honestly very disappointed. The burger patty was the size of a $1 cheeseburger at McDonald's and they charged me $9.50. In addition the guacamole was cheep and gross. However, the Cajun fries were great.", 2, 1], "64mLyLDDhC3J0bWP2m_m6g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/24/2015", "(Note: This review is for the service, or lack thereof, rather than the food I never received)I found this restaurant via a third party food ordering website and placed an order for a chicken sandwich with a side of Cajun fries halfway through my shift at work. Shortly after, I received an email that my order had been successfully placed and a text from my bank saying that I had been charged for it. Fast forward an hour, and I still haven't gotten my food. I made a call directly to Jack's Grill who, without asking for any information about my order, told me very curtly that all order for delivery where in transit. Nearly an hour after that, my shift at work is over and I place another call to tell them they would have to deliver to a different location on campus. It was only then that the woman who answered asked me about my order. When I gave her the information she requested, she told me that they hadn't received an order from that website (though they had received my credit card information, go figure) and I would have to speak to EatStreet about the money they had charge me. A quick call to Eat Street told me all I needed to know; the restaurant had received and confirmed my order. They just hadn't bothered to make it or deliver it. Only charge me for it. Thankfully, through them, I got a refund but I will never attempt ordering anything here ever again.", 1, 0], "8W35qU2mi7TyqEergaf1Tg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/18/2015", "Place is crazy slow. I could have watched Black Hawk Down two, maybe even three, times while I waited for my food. This was take out, not delivery. HOWEVAH (Stephen A. Smith voice), they have some super cheap deals. Get it how you live it. I'm just keeping it 100.", 2, 0], "nDrHnfkRMKS-WZg3mKBLtw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/8/2015", "5 star for food1 star for service1 star for bar and service at the bar, bartender and the helper girl are look and act scary and served very scary.Burger, breakfast and fries are very good. For me burger and fries are best in collegetown that I would like to recommend for the expensive burger and fries, I don't have problem with that if it comes with great service. Staffs in the morning and lunch are very good and friendly (both front and kitchen) but except the evening shifts, the evening shift staffs are very scary and I would like to complained. I hope you will improved and thank you.", 3, 0], "qpOKkqmVXRIljEsqPcrYRA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "4/27/2015", "These guys have great burger specials. Went in on a random Thursday and had great bar side service.", 5, 0], "n0uSWk-iGFWP8QKl1OjH1A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/8/2014", "It's a decent place but they should really find a way to reduce the amount of plastic that comes with every takeout. I feel really bad eating there because of it.", 3, 0], "Ukl6PTAGK4kGoj-Do6R0Cg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/10/2014", "It's hard to rate the food when all you can think about is the terrible service. I've gone to Jack's twice and each time have been greeted by an extremely rude girl at the counter. She doesn't listen to what you say and messed up my order both times. When I ordered delivery over the phone, it took an hour and forty-five minutes for the food to be delivered. An hour into the wait, I called to inquire about the status of my order. The same, rude girl answered the phone, who answered my question of \"was my food made yet?\" by answering, \"I don't know, that isn't my job.\" The food arrived both cold and soggy. They claim that they were \"just busy,\" and that's why it took so long, but I don't see how it could get this extreme.Completely horrible service. Avoid unless you have the patience to deal with a customer service disaster.", 1, 11], "Z60aCo9NRD6cQWxcdR6UFw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "7/11/2014", "I lived in collegetown last year and I came to Jacks at least once a week.PROS:First, the daily deals are pretty sweet. Monday $5 Philly cheesesteak is the best, wednesday burgers is 2nd, thursday wings is 3rd. There's free coffee on the weekends at some point, they're currently running a $5 popcorn chicken special tooSecond, they recently added more items to their menu that sound pretty awesome like the Jack Attack burger which has grilled mushrooms and onions and kaboom sauce, deep fried banana peppers in garlic sauce.Third, the food is good. I like the Agava burger a lot but that's a different expectation. From a place like Jacks, you should be expected thin, well griddled patties. And that's what you get. The beef tastes pretty good, the toppings are varied, the buns are a little too big. The wings are cooked decently, there's a variety of sauces. The philly cheesesteak gets some really good browning on it and the mushrooms and onions come out with perfect char too.Fourth, when I first started coming here, the wait on wednesdays for a burger was easily 30 minutes. These days, they're much faster. I waited under 10 minutes last time I ordered a burger around 6pm on wednesday.CONS:-Yes, the $10 credit minimum is a little annoying. Expect to pay $5.40 very often.-yes, it gets pretty crowded sometimes and the wait gets longer.Jacks is a solid joint as long as you come in with reasonable expectations. The food is good and cheap and that's what's most important.", 4, 1], "vLsbtAbwtZ84l5WtdYNdWw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "6/7/2014", "They've gotten way better since my first review. They still take forever but the food is awesome and they're less obnoxious about their credit card minimum. Still wouldn't get delivery if I was hungry though.", 4, 0], "TfPvFUfHuMCfQ9vw0eGr7g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/22/2014", "I gave this place a few more tries and it earns an additional star on top of what I gave it before.I tried their loaded fries, which is a plateful of fries with bacon, cheese, and sour cream. It's sufficient as its own meal if you're eating it by yourself. I've ordered it several times and it hasn't come out bad at all.Also, on Thursdays they do ten chicken wings for $5 in the bar, which is a crazy good deal. It was always a pretty good choice for an early meal last semester since the bar would open around the time I left campus and you could just sit and watch some early football or basketball games.The wait for your food is still outrageously slow. Cash only for under $10 is quite a nuisance when most of your orders are gonna be for under $10.", 3, 0], "3-X0EWeKn_0BZoKM7EfdWQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/14/2013", "Eat here if you need some motivation to go to the gym.Jack's makes you feel guilty about scarfing down the poutine, cheeseburgers, hot chicken wings .... and french fries. The food is pretty fatty and oily but it hits the spot and the prices are reasonable for Collegetown.The cheeseburgers are delicious though and there is a TON of variety to choose from - i.e. the jalapeno burger .Con - the wait is very long and the seating isn't the great for groups of 3+ people.", 2, 0], "00S3_HqT2iWPMen0n7dOOw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "11/30/2013", "Good place for college students but not good for family.", 3, 0], "Zz9id7_RXZw7W4zmxtBdAA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/22/2013", "Over priced breakfast and drunk food. You are better off ordering online for delivery to get your food faster. It took us over and hour for us to get our food when we dined in and I have gotten delivery from them in about 30. Our server in the bar section was rude.", 1, 0], "lg3exrUlqK5K5z0ibOB6Uw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/3/2013", "Went back over the summer for a $5 double cheeseburger special and added curly fries for $2 and ate inside the restaurant. The fries were very tasty and crispy, only complaint I had was the quantity (approximately equal to a small serving at most fast food restaurants). I got the Bo Burger, a typical cheeseburger with an egg on top. The burger itself was pretty tasty- buns were soft and not soggy, the veggies were fresh and crispy, the patties were bigger than before, and overall a fairly tasty burger. Much better experience than my last visit, though these burgers are still fairly expensive, even when there's a special. My consensus: Overall a 3.5, but I'll round it up. Jack's is worthwhile if you absolutely must have a burger, there's a deal on burgers that day and you'll be able to eat it soon after getting it (whether it's dine-in or take out), otherwise don't bother.", 4, 0], "sXdSoAyHVmHF5eU2oTIk_A": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "6/7/2013", "This is really just standard greasy fast food. Their curly fries and burgers are OK but nothing special, and its really expensive for what you get, $9 for a mediocre, fast food style burger; that's just silly.", 1, 0], "edZ89pZg9w8kQ7gK3u2m-g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "5/19/2013", "Not what it used to be. I ordered burger with lettuce, tomato, and onion.All i got was a burger with cheese. I called but they didn't want to deliver new one.After some discussion? they agreed to send me a new one if I return what I got.Had to wait another 30 minutes, no sorry from them.Last time ordering from Jacks", 1, 0], "BEG9O-pII8pmaZLXNuXacQ": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "2/4/2013", "The Good: Food. Omelette, specifically cali omelette is pretty good, 4/5. Burgers, 4/5 as well, taking off one because sometimes they burn the burger or the burger falls apart entirely in your hands due to the bottom bun being soggy. Also their menu is gigantic and has everything: quesadillas, wings, burgers, breakfast. The only thing they dont sell it seems like is pizza.The Bad: 10$ minimum to use credit card. yes this is absolutely ridiculous and a reason why they will lose a lot of my business and probably a lot of other people's business. Also everything in that store has a 50% markup if you are not going on \"cheesesteak mondays where its 5$, or burger wednesdays where burgers are 5$\". A regular day, expect to spend 9$ on a 7 in cheesesteak, or 8-9$ on a burger.", 3, 1], "ZTf-qB87GdVO8xrcrb5wXw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "10/5/2012", "Jack's is pretty pricey and definitely isn't worth the money. There are a ton of places with better food and cost less. I just can't believe that place that specializes in burgers would use what are clearly frozen burgers that are thin and not great quality to boot. Try using better ingredients! The only reason why it is 2 stars is because it has a nice location and the topping are good, but I will not be going back.", 2, 0], "Fw3lJUxTcFI7k81DhapHpA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/9/2012", "This place is absolutely horrible! I ordered online for delivery and the food was nasty. The burger was soggy and limp with nothing on it but meat and cheese even though I ordered one of their so-called \"loaded burgers\". That thing cost me 7 bucks, but was worth about 7 cents... In addition I ordered sweet potato fries, which were way overpriced at 5 dollars and soggy. None of the food was worth eating, so my boyfriend and I just threw it out and are now making cookies for dinner. That's how bad.", 1, 0], "ldGr9bMW2usk_SpXeOW0-g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/9/2012", "Avoid Jack's Grill delivery. While their burgers are great at the store, the stuff that was delivered was truly awful. The burger was small and cold. Don't expect any extras in your burger, either. If you want anything on it, you have to type it directly in your order under delivery instructions. I received a small, cold patty with a slice of cheese and mushrooms and nothing else. I was extremely disappointed, as I really enjoyed their burgers at the store in the past. I will not order delivery again, though.", 2, 0], "S2KVwYN2Ae-1_coaNb4GnA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "12/21/2011", "Not the best food or best burgers in Ithaca, but it's damn good. And, they deliver which is awesome. They have a big menu including burgers and many loaded versions, tons of side orders, wings, dinners, and breakfast all the time. Bottom line, great inexpensive comfort food delivered to your door.", 4, 1], "_5fHbZjN4zfTzUKHRLrV3g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/22/2011", "I've been to Jack's a couple of times and I really wanted to like it.......but its not going to happen. Both times I have eaten there it was not very busy but the service seems to be quite slow.I've now tried a burger (jack's loaded burger) and a chicken sandwich(Santa Fe Chicken.) They have both been very ordinary, the chicken being the worse of the 2. I ordered the chicken fried and it was so over cooked that the texture of the chicken took away from me tasting anything else that was on the sandwich. I also ordered fries and while you get a decent amount they are very bland no salt at all on them. As far as the prices go it really isn't that great of a deal as others have stated.There menu does have a lot of variety and it unlike any other place in Collegetown, but from my experience overall the food really isn't that great and the prices are a little high.", 1, 1], "r7kiPFiANUQyzGLoq8qoPw": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "6/7/2011", "A cheap meat-and-potatoes place, in the form of huge burger patties and large portions of fries. It's not the cleanest place or food, but it's tasty enough and pretty cheap for Collegetown.", 3, 1], "hivbPqEktwkXllZoBtbrwA": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "9/13/2010", "My family & I LOVE Jack's. We love the fact that my picky daughter can even find something that she likes on the very eclectic menu. We get delivery from them through campusfoods.com and the orders have always been prompt. VERY friendly owner/staff.", 4, 0], "OsbYFbz-aU-vYqNCLH1p4g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "8/30/2010", "Sort of yum...This place is pretty okay. It's nothing gourmet, but if you want some late night burgers or wings or fries, this place is pretty good. I think it's still owned by the people who ran Hong Kong (which is what this place was before it closed).It's pretty good, but nothing special. I do think it was smart of the owners to make a restaurant with this genre of food since Collegetown is teeming with Asian restaurants and not much else.There is seating inside, but since it's not a place with waiter service or anything, tables tend to be sticky so I'd take my food to go.", 2, 0], "Wi2mTOsr7c8R0u1ONavCIg": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "6/20/2010", "Overall, it's a pretty good place to eat. Burgers and sandwiches taste pretty great. The \"Classic Burgers\" are great if you're looking for something cheap and just as filling as the other items. Not that I'm an expert on Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, the ones here tasted great the last time I ordered it. Make sure you try the Cajun fries, cause they are the same price as the regular fries.I have to say though, it's the slowest \"fast food\" restaurant I know of. Even when you're the only customer there, the simplest order of burger and fries will take at least 10 minutes. This only gets worse when there are people waiting ahead of you. I'm sure this depends on who is working there at a time, but they also have the tendency of getting your orders wrong when it's even a tad busy.But all considered, it's a great place to eat on lunches and late nights. It might be a little slow, but food is usually worth it.", 4, 1], "4iCdEKSviuEDNzdACkKU3g": ["Yelp", "Jack\u2019s Grill", "3/26/2009", "One of the few places in college town that is genuinely good. It is nearly five stars.I highly recommend the bacon stuffed burger. Imagine that all the drippings that typically cook off of bacon are contained in a juicy fat pocket in the middle of the burger. This burger may directly contribute to you eventual quadruple bypass but its worth it.The only negative i can think of is that it sometimes takes them a little long to get the food to you, but just like your slowly clogging arteries, the wait is worth it.", 4, 2]}
{"GvZ7_19M_KJICsitqVfOGw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "1/12/2019", "Ithaca is not known for good Mexican food, and the existence of Old Mexico does not help its culinary landscape. I ate there tonight for the first time and attempted their steak street tacos. They were terrible -- I ate only 2 of the 4 tacos (one of my companions only managed to stomach 1 of hers), and tried only a mouthful each of the beans and rice. The steak was dry, there were way too many raw onions on the tacos, and the salsa and beans came from a can (although I do think they threw some fresh cilantro into the salsa).The service was not much better. While the hostess was friendly and seated us quickly, the server took far too long to take our orders or even acknowledge us. When I told her that I could not eat any gluten, seemed unwilling to make note of that for the kitchen (she merely told me corn does not have gluten. As someone with Celiac's Disease, I know that; I wanted to ensure that they didn't use stocks or sauces with gluten in them, shared friers, etc.). Her inattention meant that I do not feel comfortable eating there -- but given the quality of the food, that is not much of a loss.", 1, 0], "FrkuBmr2OYdjndARtORUQg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/8/2018", "Lets just say I wasn't thrilled by the idea of having mexican food late at night but I was pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant. We stopped because unlike other places in the area, this restaurant was opened until 11 pm on a Friday (alleluia!)The building is a little rough on outside and once you are inside you get hit by an overdecorated mexican theme (from a Cantinflas paint to very rustic leather couches). We were seated near the bar and were promptly atended by our server. Food was fairly priced and very tasty. They have great offering of spirits and in particular the margaritas are on point. Can't wait to stop by again and try something else in the menu.", 4, 2], "RhB35KmawKZK4VjEs2wm8Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/2/2018", "Found this place by accident. Best turning around in a random parking lot EVER! Wildly unassuming from the outside - don't be tricked GO IN!!Chips were warm. Personal bowl for salsa (so you can double dip!). But let's be honest... you will never find anything better than the Santa Fe Burrito. It was huge and flavorful and and filled with lean beef and chicken (no creepy gristly meat bits!). The grilled onions may be the secret to the rich flavor. Unless it's something in the beans. Good grief! How does this taste so good??? It also isn't swimming in sauce so every calorie is worth it. I took half home (did I mention that it is huge??) and am rationing it so that the enjoyment does not end. Oh boy!!", 5, 0], "ZebAk2dCGAKfy5j5siN-6A": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "11/3/2018", "I must have visited this place nearly 10 times this summer alone. It stands as the closest place to authentic Mexican food, unlike Viva or the junk in college town. The menu is massive, the food is incredible, and their queso to die for.", 5, 0], "Wr0XnH_wMQ01fISuIZ4Enw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/11/2018", "I'm giving this restaurant 2 stars because I ordered a margarita and expected it to be $2.99 as it was happy hour (and I inquired about the happy hour to my waitress), but was charged $7 because the margarita was \"fresh\". This is absolutely ridiculous. They need to be much more clear that there is a price difference between fresh margaritas and whatever other kind of margarita they are serving. Especially if I had originally asked about happy hour prices. Other than my very disappointing experience with the charge of my drink, I only ordered the tacos, which were not bad and the only reason why I am not giving this place 1 star.", 2, 1], "4jxAc4nEeVhCMjoleww29Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/4/2018", "This is our favorite place to get Mexican food in Ithaca. Admittedly that's not setting the bar super high, but the food is always great, and there are a ton of things on the menu to choose from that we've really enjoyed.The one drawback is that we've encountered a few times that the service is very slow. Sometimes the restaurant is really slammed, in which case it's perfectly understandable, but there have definitely been a few times we've come by (and as always, really enjoyed our burritos) and been left hanging with empty drinks or waiting on the check for a long time. Might want to avoid on busy nights, but a great spot if you're craving sit down Mexican.", 4, 1], "XsXPVqZQMKpXuWVf6y4i3Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/2/2018", "In town on business, recommended by the hotel . Food was ok , not great , had fajitas and they were ok , beans and rice cold !Service was ok at beginning, got put in the bar section , all ok till new trainee came in and bartender had to train her , then service got sporadic at best! What was really upsetting however was the bill ! I ordered the jumbo Margarita, clearly marked as $ 8.00 , then the bill said $11.99 ?? When I questioned it he said he made it fresh??? I told him that doesn't matter it doesn't say on the menu if you get it fresh it's $4.00 more !! What kind of scam is that?? He removed it from the bill and I won't be revisiting, drinks are ridiculously expensive anyway , no need to try and pocket an extra 4$ a drink !", 3, 1], "_IoI5kvv0tZB9fwVdffa3g": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/1/2018", "Old Mexico is your classic American-style Mexican restaurant-the kind of place where you get a warning from the server that the plate is hot. I typically try to avoid places like this, but I was pleasantly surprised by the enchiladas I had at here. Add to that free chips and salsa and weekly specials on margaritas and tacos, and you get the only Mexican joint in Ithaca that I can actually see myself going to regularly.", 4, 0], "M3rJSol9w0oOk_BsYoUVRg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "9/29/2018", "My favorite style of Mexican. This is just like the restaurants I grew up with in Oklahoma. Can't go wrong here!", 5, 0], "Kbu8mcT0ctqyZrLDpGPZMg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/28/2018", "I've been going to Old Mexico regularly for years, including their express location in Collegetown. However, the last few times I've been their I had the worst server -- an older caucasian woman -- who has always treated us with such respect. The most recent time we went, this weekend, she ignored our table for the first 10-15 minutes of us being there before slamming down chips and salsa at our table and leaving. She didn't even ask us what we wanted to drink. When she comes back another 10 or so minutes later to get our order, my boyfriend goes first telling her his order. I tell her what I want, starting with drink order which just know is taking after us being there for at least 20 minutes, then the food I want. She is busy writing on her pen before looking back at me and snapping, \"What do you want?\" After. I. Just. Told. Her. Okay, maybe she was busy writing my partner's order and didn't hear me so I repeated, starting with the drink I wanted, and she snapped, \"No not that. The food.\" So she heard my drink but not my food and made no acknowledgment of either or told which she didn't hear. So I told her then I walked outside to cool because I was so annoyed. I know service work is hard but every time I have been to this restaurant and had her as a server she treats me and other people of color terribly. She will laugh up and dote on other people's table but avoids our table like the plague. It's even been noted on by other people I have gone to this place with.On this occasion, after giving us our food, she didn't check on us until we asked for the check. I don't think I'll return anytime soon and if I do, I'll be sure to ask not to be in her section.", 1, 0], "6Srt5qd5skPD_FX4UTiOQA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/13/2018", "We were torn what we wanted for dinner but after a long day of travel we decided to walk over to this place since it was right next door to our hotel. The food was great. The salsa needed to be a little more spicy. The margaritas however are AMAZING! The service is outstanding!!! If you can't decide (we couldn't) have the taco truck tacos in asada & al pastor and the flautas are pretty yummy too!!!", 4, 0], "gTQC_eYWo_4Bylj2E7XHpQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/1/2018", "The chips and salsa that they give you before your meal were pretty good. Chips were crunchy and fresh and the salsa came in a carafe and was pretty tasty. I ordered the carne asada (grilled skirt steak) and asked for No Beans, just extra rice (because I hate beans) but the server I guess didn't pay attention to my request, or maybe the kitchen didn't pay attention to the server's instructions. Who knows? She was nice and did check back to make sure I had everything I needed. I didn't send the meal back nor did I complain because I was starving. When you're pregnant, you get really Hangry but I was too tired to get mad. The steak's edges were burnt so there were some bites I got that were bitter. It also had a faint fishy taste to it so I'm wondering whether they grill the steak on the same spot as their seafood. It was a bit bland so it probably could have used a few more hours of sitting in marinade. Again, I didn't complain because the tiny human I am growing is demanding that I eat ASAP. The size of the pick de gallo and guacamole was a bit skimpy. Don't be fooled by my photo. It's all lettuce under that guacamole/pick de gallo serving. The rice that came with the dish was delicious and the corn tortilla they served with the dish was a bit soggy from sitting inside the foil wrapper so they ripped easily when I put the steak and fixings on them.Maybe it was an off night for them so I'll probably give them another shot in the future. The food was just OK in my book and I definitely have had better Mexican fare (Mostly from California). I wish I could have tried their margaritas since it looks like they have a decent drink menu. Maybe next time when I'm done growing a tiny human......", 3, 3], "cTpvhd7gL42dX6nd5UrvZQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "6/11/2018", "Typical american mexican place. I had a lunch special - tostada was nice, but tamal was gooey. My companions had the shrimp yucatan which was awesome. Chips, salsa, ambience, service all fine.", 3, 0], "axnmB1dietAmDdK9wNcDcw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "5/26/2018", "Walked here from our hotel because we knew about happy hour and taco Tuesday $.99 burritos from Yelp. Make sure you ask about it since I'm not sure we would've been made aware of the specials but the waitress. Very yummy chips and salsa. Tacos were alright, they were great for a dollar though!", 4, 0], "Uv2YRFmWGB7SoZbCq6UafA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "5/2/2018", "Very nice the food is good the bar is nice and everyone is always polite and respectful I have never had a problem there. Good Times", 5, 1], "1-XS53qkcMZWWniDt_RzTg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "4/24/2018", "Definitely worth the trip from Horseheads. Went for lunch and had the best Chili releno ever. Alma is a great waitress, friendly and fast. Check out Taco Tuesday's and Margarita Mondays. Yep, I was there Monday for $1.99 Margaritas!", 5, 0], "tOIvUiUAci_9JL92TIHY7Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "2/27/2018", "Dining by myself. Had chicken fajitas that came with virtually no onions and an abundance of green peppers. Chicken was bland, salsa also bland. Table service was very slow. If this is the highest rated Mexican restraunt in Ithaca", 2, 0], "kggXiBwRjxTSqU3O_nyyhA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "1/15/2018", "This place was awesome! First off everyone gets their own salsa! The guac was ok. I had the pollo catalan which was great with all the grilled vegetables. I also really like their rice as well. Definitely would come again.Don't forget to check out my profile!", 5, 0], "7eZEu8SAqaFeMvNUmAXMBg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/28/2017", "Terrible food terrible service waited upwards of 90 minutes for my burrito which came out cold also I overheard a server ask a manager if they should get new food for a customer as they dropped it on the ground in the kitchen the manager said no because they didn't see it happen will definitely not be returning and I advise people not to go truely horrible", 1, 1], "tglMY_OrWp76-krCF9a_ew": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "11/11/2017", "I went recently to give this place another try, the service has improved greatly without having to sacrifice the quality of food. The taste is definitely more of what you'd expect a Mexican household to taste like, not like the chain places.I still think the tastes could be more spicy, but that's just me. Good value, great service and a very nice atmosphere. I can definitely see why this place was bumping on a Saturday!", 4, 1], "7wLBEk4_QF86DqbyzBCA5w": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/31/2017", "Great food and atmosphere. Large drinks menu too!Now Happy Hour all day on Sunday!! Taco Tuesday is unbelievable", 5, 1], "TE5OjRpGwztS4EJBUgoUEw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/8/2017", "I found this restaurant mediocre.. The food was bland Mexican-by-the-numbers fare appropriate for the Midwest.", 2, 1], "M_zAp4nl--nrFHwf2Y79ZA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "9/15/2017", "The food here has never disappointed me. The atmosphere seems a little on the cheesy side with the overwhelming decor but does not take away from the general dining experience. I would say this place has standard service and prices but the servers I've encountered didn't seem very friendly. Not mean, just not very friendly.", 4, 0], "yUh-GTlZ1Lr9RLpNnzYWtg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/31/2017", "LOVE this spot. It's not too pricey, and its the only place in Ithaca to get Mexican food that is at least the right shape and has most of the right ingredients in it. It's not what I could get when I lived in AZ but its definitely worth a try.PLENTY of seating room", 5, 0], "3SkxQz2n52XDVqwMXsqxkg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/6/2017", "Authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices with good table service. Walking distance from Holiday Inn Express, Fairfield Inn by Marriott, and Hampton Inn.", 4, 0], "L5LKfBD7Ejd2QfwegfOICg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/27/2017", "It was the worst Mexican food we ever had! We drove 1 hour to try this Mexican restaurant out, the food was very bad and the service was even worse. We should have know because when we pulled in the parking lot there were only 2 other car. The food was inedible but we couldn't complain because or server never returned. We saw he in the back bar just sitting. When we finally got the other server she did at least refill our drinks. Then we waited about 20 mins for our bill but he never brought it out, so we went up to the register to get the bill and the manager showed up when we told him the server never returned he got rude with us snapping well it's right here and he pulled a duplicate out of the register.  When we repeated that he never returned to our table he ignored that and just repeated the amount of the bill. He just would not listen to us. So lesson learned we will never go back, and we did let all our friends and family know what happened and to never go there. I'm sure it will be closing soon.", 1, 0], "3r3995bvg_NadqLLy0AUdw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/26/2017", "Odd experience. Unremarkable service. Barely mediocre food. No need to visit again for canned salsa from tomato paste, soupy guac and dry meat and rice that looked like it had been sitting out for days.", 2, 1], "eomuoKzhtRYwVyU9i4ixOA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/17/2017", "We arrived on a Sunday one hour before closing. I've taken that into account with my star system. The service was, meh. The lady was nice but not overly attentive - missed empty drink glasses, forgot to bring out tortillas with fajitas, etc. it was the end of the night though so I can only hope she was just worn out; I still tipped 20% to give the benefit of the doubt.The food is not spectacular at all. Typically I like to eat at authentic Mexican places but the food was pretty blah: I'd rather eat at a Moes Southwest grill or even Chilis - this is saying a lot from a guy who lived in Texas 10 of the last 12 years and has frequented many Mexican towns over the years. The salsa was the most bland stuff I have ever tasted. The fajita meat had little taste to it - perhaps even not marinated. The rice and beans tasted as if they had come out of a can. I just expect so much more from an \"authentic\" joint.", 2, 1], "uX0CxrWbDf9URdZErHf0eA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/6/2017", "This place is great!! Delicious food, huge portion sizes, and the service was excellent. I would highly recommend.", 5, 0], "PQ7lkIAG1vVBIDk_SlJRzw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/1/2017", "Amazing food, great portions, fantastic service, to top it, virgin margheritas, best mexican place i have been to.", 5, 0], "VChCG8hQ0Hsai0Ll-JB7JA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "6/13/2017", "The decor was nice and the staff were good and seemed to care. Prices fine and wanted to like it. We all thought the food was somewhat bland - ok, just not really good.", 2, 0], "1oZfi9okMJtV3UEjv7f07A": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "5/11/2017", "Their queso is the absolute best! The most authentic Mexican food I have had while living upstate, and I should know as I travel to Mexico every now and then for work and for pleasure! Definitely recommend!", 5, 0], "rdfJWctq20BlIACxFI8PWw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "4/25/2017", "This place is great. The food is very good, and quite authentic yet americanized, but not in a bad way. We were in Mexico in February and the vibe in here defiantly took us right back. I highly recommend it.", 5, 1], "tjwxdeFMjcNWpHBRHFediw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "3/19/2017", "I much preferred Garcia's to this place. Generous portions, but uninspired. Salsa given with chips is not homemade and much of the food seems to be straight from a can... Yes Viva's is not authentic, but at least it is fresh made and tasty. I would recommend that you go there instead, otherwise visit the Garcia's in Cortland.", 3, 0], "5YXakcbW5mkloVY5U_DQWw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "1/4/2017", "I like Old Mexico because you can actually talk and hear what others say. That and the on-site parking are just the beginning. The wait staff are SO friendly, and the food is delicious. I liked the taste of the salsa, which was thin but delicious. I'd love to have more choices on the combos (and fixings like rice, beans and lettuce/tomato/guacamole/sour cream on the side), and to have a bean and cheese burrito option. The margaritas are great. A welcome alternative to Viva.", 5, 0], "0tOQMcv3y1IhJyJnyYX8LA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/6/2016", "Nice and friendly place. Lots of combos - and willing to substitute to make any fish vegetarian. Very reasonably priced. I had a combo with Chilli Relleno, an enchilada and a taco. Dessert was churros with Apple stuffing and caramel sauce.", 4, 0], "XER3sS6hPzFw038cffXHzQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/29/2016", "Great staff, amazing fish tacos, excellent margaritas, made a bad day into a very good day!", 5, 0], "UTsi9dPbyXa1RlQmNdJ1OQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/24/2016", "Best Mexican Food around great customer service. Love going on Mondays for the 2 dollar margaritas. Owner is also very nice and friendly and 100% customer oriented. Have been returning since they opened and will keep going back. Keep up the good work.", 5, 0], "QZf_G_ANGcZ3If6vAwpkTQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/21/2016", "I grew up in Texas. If there is anything I miss the most from my childhood... it might be the Mexican food. Since moving to New York oh so many years ago, I have only found three places I would label as good, authentic Mexican food and this is one of them. I am not in Ithaca often, but I look forward to dining here again.", 5, 0], "Lpxrc5duZMwLyuEUZ2BByA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "9/13/2016", "Old Mexico is really worth your time to stop at. This is one of my favorite places to eat! The portions are very large and the staff is pretty attentive to your needs. The food is excellent and you leave with that \"Thanksgiving dinner\" feeling. One thing I would say to watch out for is that the one male waiter doesn't completely understand English so he doesn't always know what you are trying to tell him. They will keep bringing chips and salsa for free and the salsa is really good and always fresh unlike some other places that I have been to. The atmosphere is cool, clean, and well decorated.", 5, 0], "98K0qGRudiOQX8LvGv6HcQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "9/4/2016", "I only give it 2 stars since I have had tons of great authentic Mexican and this might be 4 stars for Ithaca standards, but I am not from Ithaca. The salsa was like tomato sauce in a dish. The chips tasted stale. The burrito had more beans and rice and tiny tiny portion of what they called carne asada, but we all know it wasn't cooked like carne asada and it tasted nothing like it. Sorry for the bad review, but would love to see an improvement since it has potential.", 2, 0], "qlD5brMwe3KktAXYzqiXZA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/20/2016", "Coming from California, this is the closest you can get to good Mexican food in Ithaca. I still prefer the margaritas at Viva and Agave, but the food at Old Mexico is much much better! (And they give free chips and salsa) I recommend the carnitas", 5, 0], "C3F9rwGpwQ_t1nz8V2Jutg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/19/2016", "Delicious, inexpensive Mexican food.Tortillas chips were warm at 9p, salsa was mild not chunky but tasted great. Sangria glass was huge and service was very attentive. Will definitely go back as we usually stay at hotel next door when visiting.", 5, 0], "tqjfL0c0lt0G7iIlifa6Mw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/4/2016", "I like Old Mexico better than Viva for Mexican in Ithaca. It is more flavorful and spicy and the portions are better.There is a parking lot which is great because I hate street parking. The menu is huge and there are tons of options.Prices are really good as well. Service was fast and attentive.", 5, 0], "WNidEo5oZwq2a5UcdHnCMA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/3/2016", "Your average Mexican restaurant, which stands out in an area that is shockingly poor when it comes to good Mexican food. Fajitas, tacos, and combo plates are good, and the chips are endless, but the salsa is to be desired. However, my girlfriend and I really liked the pico - it was some of the best we've ever had. This is a huge restaurant, that seems to go on forever, and try to get a seat away from the bar because the area smells like stale beer.", 3, 2], "HrZZzZDiCEUj_Va0tXT9yw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/22/2016", "Decent food - nothing incredible but good and not expensive. Chips and salsa upon arrival and the chips were still warm. Yum! Our waitress was great! Really nice and welcoming. Good low-cost food.", 4, 0], "0r8l1VbJJoJlHyy6BNrsXw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/19/2016", "Oh you guys. We waited way too long to go to this place. The food is soooo good. My husband and i both get #7, a taco, a tamale, and a chile relleno. The chile relleno is the best i have had in NY. The service has always been great and I just learned they have $1 tacos on taco tuesdays! It is what i expect for mexican food. Just like i used to eat at home in the south. And the portions are more than generous. They also have some local beers and i hear the margaritas are quite good. Go check them out!", 5, 0], "BGUhepGL2xyTPZCJHc35yQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/19/2016", "Great jalape\u00f1o margaritas. Awesome service, and salsa and guac, too. Way better than the white hipster garbage they're serving over at Viva Taqueria. The meat was high-quality, and cooked very well. Maybe can't compare to restaurants in say, the southwest, but at least for the northeast, this is a damn good Mexican restaurant.", 5, 0], "uJZIMB6DOL1Uj3S6iskfEw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/10/2016", "Yeah just average. Could definitely be cleaner. The water & soda tasted gross like the soda lines had mold & kool aid in them. They need cleaning! The bathroom toilets were running. This place has potential if they would clean it better.", 3, 0], "SC4SaDr6CgnAwmrbAoHVuQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "6/3/2016", "Finally an authentic Mexican restaurant in Ithaca! Food was pretty good! Service was great! Love the Latin music playing in the background!!! I will definitely be coming back again!", 4, 0], "vcLIzWpTsCSgLF2M-ySnRQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "5/23/2016", "My sister and I went here for dinner tonight (a Monday night around 7pm, so not that busy). For starters the service was terrible. All the food (including appetizer) came out at the same time and fairly quickly. Though it was a bit annoying to get the appetizer at the same time as the main course I was impressed by the speed. That is until I realized the cheese in my quesadilla was barely melted! Once we realized this we tried to get our waitress back but she was no where to be found. We even asked the hostess to go find her but to no prevail. We eventually ended up asking a different waitress for help and my quesadilla was replaced. Besides the disappointing service, the restaurant was ok. The food was fine but not presented very well. Restaurant seemed clean and decor was fine.", 2, 1], "BAjOFJXg7E4MMzRy0QhF5g": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "5/2/2016", "Pretty much your average Mexican restaurant. Not that that's a bad thing. Nothing out of the ordinary though. Delicious food. Endless chips and salsa and an extensive list of margaritas and of course good luck saving room for dessert! Definitely worth a try if you love Mexican food.", 4, 0], "fcFz-LXwgcGEwYEXCfJ0eg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "4/13/2016", "Second visit was a good one! Still a little slow, but we weren't in a hurry. Everything was fresh & delicious. Service was friendly. Salsa is super yummy. Vegetarian burrito was excellent.", 4, 0], "iJcz0_Abdsg6e587fnMqTA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "4/6/2016", "I love this place! Delicious food, good prices, and a great atmosphere. I've been here for lunch and dinner and we're always seated fast with great service. The server brings chips and salsa (both homemade and delicious) and food arrives quickly. I always get the arroz con pollo with corn tortillas and it is amazing. They also have a happy hour everyday from 3-6 with $2.99 margaritas - you can't beat that! Overall if you haven't given Old Mexico a chance, try it once and you'll be back!", 5, 0], "7t4UNgbcX0MZb--7cnofxg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "4/3/2016", "Prompt and efficient service whereby out plates were piping hot when our meals arrived. Lots of seating, good food, clean. Great salsa! Kudos to Joel, our super-server! Enjoy!", 4, 1], "GEgqZ4oIymTehSCw-8OW1w": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "2/20/2016", "Love the large portions and the quality of the food matches. Have a private party here and you'll get the back room, which is secluded and makes for an intimate setting for parties of 10ish.", 4, 1], "hCHg3JeZP1fWE1p3wGcYmQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "2/15/2016", "The al pastor street tacos are a must try! Only place in Ithaca where you can find authentic tacos al pastor, and they are good! The service is great.", 5, 1], "W0Es8cPMm3T2hDYujCgS_Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "1/3/2016", "The best and only traditional and original Mexican food restaurant in Central New York and the Finger Lakes. It is a quite large hall decorated with r\u00fastico furniture. Customer service is top class and the food is varied and tasty.", 5, 1], "psoDSX4ika-rtH3Iyc42sA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "1/2/2016", "Visiting from Texas and wanted some Mexican food. So stopped at Old Mexico and had a great lunch with very good service. Our meals had more meat on them then back at home. Very nice! Got my Mexican food fix.", 5, 0], "k6cWeTAOOmmvodkv2lruZw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/31/2015", "Mexican food is my favorite, i have been really unhappy with the choices in this area since i moved from texas, this place is better than some of the mexican restaurants in texas, thats saying alot, if you do not like the food here then you dont like mexican food.", 5, 0], "mKjQUh7wwP_0XtBTnU-oXQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/15/2015", "Thought we'd try out this new restaurant in November. It was terrible! It seemed as if our meals were made ahead of time and just microwaved. We ordered and within 5 minutes had our food. Mine was cold in the middle. Would not recommend it - yes they had free chips and salsa, and large servings but it was not good!", 1, 1], "xcn61bCMyi-zBzfGle0YoQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "12/2/2015", "What has happened to the food at Old Mexico? We ate there quite a few times when it first opened- it was pretty good. Ate there the other night and I can't say it was good. My partner had a mini quesadilla that was soggy and flavorless. I had the enchiladas suiza. The carnitas on the top of it (unusual addition to this kind of enchilada) were good, the enchiladas really boring. We noticed that the parking lot was empty at 7:00 pm- not a good sign! Bring back the other cooks!", 2, 2], "WSMh9Rk1AFDUM3obUmqHtQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "11/6/2015", "Lots of food - average quality. Went here with a group of people on a visit to Ithaca. Big place - easy to get seated. Food portions are very big - out of 12 of us; I think only 1 person finished (although many of us pigged out on the chips/salsa beforehand). Quality was so-so. I had the diablo burrito - wasn't all that spicy (supposed to be); food taste was more \"chain style\" than authentic. The margaritas were tasty; but lower on alcohol than most. Most people in our group found it filling; and not bad - but not something to highly recommend.", 3, 2], "uUEW8akKt0rvRwZsRbQgkw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/22/2015", "Went there on a whim, well based on ithaca top ten, which said they were having a mariachi band playing. Boy am I glad we went, giant beers and 56oz Margheritas, delicious shrimp tacos, and finally a Mexican place in town that offers more then flan for dessert. (Fried ice cream is great, I'm pretty sure it's a zero calorie dessert)", 5, 2], "jSLEsAGgcOHBC-e7Ama3pg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "10/14/2015", "As other reviewers have noted, a large part of the appeal of Old Mexico is their large portions, particularly relative to their prices. As for quality, I don't get the impression that Old Mexico is aiming for upscale cuisine, and I'm not sure how \"authentic\" some of the dishes might be, but I can say that their mole was flavorful. The last time I was at Viva Cantina, the mole was burnt and bitter, and the resulting mess was inedible. Throw in unlimited chips and salsa (with fresh cilantro, no less) and plenty of convenient free parking, and Old Mexico starts looking like a credible replacement for Garcia's.Bottom line: If you're looking for hearty comfort food at reasonable prices, give it a try.", 3, 1], "5tteZPybs8gq5Gv0gFtY2w": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "9/26/2015", "Ithaca does not have any good Mexican restaurants (haven't tried the food truck yet), however, Old Mexico could change that. My partner and I decided to give Old Mexico a try on a Friday evening. We were promptly seated, but service was a tad slow. The chips and salsa were good and my Margarita was perfect for the price (4.99). They do have happy hour every day (4-6?) and you can get margaritas for $2.99. My partner had fajita nachos and I had street tacos. We enjoyed our food and felt that we got more than we paid for. Overall, a pleasant experience. We will be back.", 4, 3], "x4nkPNYwtckJt5EJ9gxCBg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/28/2015", "We had shrimp & Chicken fajitas and beef burrito both were good. Chips and salsa before meal tasted fresh. Service was prompt and friendly. We had some concerns after reading some bad reviews and the sign \"Ichabod\" outside, however we were pleasantly surprised.", 4, 1], "79np9yCuwWBdFxqhhADn9g": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/25/2015", "My mom and I went there around 12:45pm and ordered the large platter that came with a little of everything so we could try it all and split it. It came out 7 minutes later which was a red flag for me that they re-heated our food in the microwave...which was correct because our plates were scalding hot as well as our food. The microwave also made the tortilla on the quesadilla soggy. For a Mexican restaurant, I expected the food to have some kind of spicy kick to it, even if it was mild spiciness, but it all was very bland. I wouldn't go back on my own, only if somebody invited me or something and that's where they would want to go.", 2, 1], "AlwerZPsceZTluYJrgwL8Q": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/20/2015", "This was easily the worst Mexican restaurant I have ever eaten at. I tried the Combo Gordo, so I sampled 90% of their food at one go... and I was very disappointed. The tamale, enchilada's and burrito contained the same meat, ground beef (which should have been my first warning). The flavor was intense and reminded me of the taco seasoning found at a grocery store, but multiplied by 10.Overall the food was something I would have made for myself if I was starving after a long day of school... in the third grade. And all this wonderful food for only $18.50! Tax not included.", 1, 3], "YQqNEIaNbYhqgF_K3thjsw": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/13/2015", "This is a welcome addition to town with easy parking and slightly longer hours than Viva on Friday/Saturday. I had a generous lunch special, very good for the price, with quick and friendly service. The food seems to be standard fare without the creativity of Viva, and the standard salsa is barely more than ketchup. I was brought several alternatives upon request but none was partially good. The food and decor are certainly far superior to Mano's, which used to be at this location. I will probably be back from time to time.", 3, 1], "Rm07fv2M9jPkglw3zaVupA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/8/2015", "Excellent food, generous portions (I always have leftovers), very affordable, beautiful newly renovated space, and attentive servers! I highly recommend this place to college students and professionals in ithaca alike (and bums like myself). Can't beat a $6.50 lunch special of authentic Mexican food. The salsa (which is complimentary and comes with chips) is great, and the chimichangas and trio fajitas are delicious. I look forward to working my way through the menu. Keep it up, Old Mexico!", 5, 1], "OnBxhHSi5nzpEDmKTfDLcg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/7/2015", "Not bad. The prices were very affordable and you get a ton of food. You will not leave hungry. The service was not bad. Our waitress was friendly, but a little flaky (dropping stuff, forgetting stuff, etc.) but not unforgivable.The food was a tad bland and of lower quality. The burrito I got was covered with melted cheese and \"burrito sauce\", which I think was just ketchup.I'd probably go back and give them another try anyway.", 4, 6], "6ClqrEYJ2sM_6SJsulywrg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "8/7/2015", "The food was good and actually came out reasonable fast. The waitress kept dropping things though. Prices were decent. There were a lot of misspellings on the menu which just bothers me but of course didn't affect the overall atmosphere. The decor is basically just Manos but with a pi\u00f1ata and a sombrero hung up. Since it's located near so many other restaurant choices, I can't say that I will be back many times. Compared to some other Ithacan Mexican restaurants, it's better than Garcia's but worse than Viva.", 3, 1], "4WauDaNGQyM3pdd1fwHZHg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/29/2015", "Food was flavorless. Salad was a bizarre mix of a fist full of things thrown in a bowl. Rice was inedible. I am not picky. This was not good.", 1, 0], "zt4LLboDZjLSluMgtVgt4A": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/19/2015", "The food was decent. The taco salad was simple but surprisingly flavorful. The service was slow, despite being pretty quite in the reataurant, but the staff was very friendly.However, we found a hair in the salsa; when we brought it to the waiter's attention he just took the salsa back and brought our another. No apologies, manager didn't come to the table....nothing.Didn't really feel like finishing our meal after that.", 3, 0], "FbanwSIP_b9I32TOfikPsA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/18/2015", "I would really like to give them 4 stars, but am sticking with 3 for now. Overall, our experience was pretty good. The hot, fresh chips and salsa (both complimentary) were very good. All 4 of us each had our own salsa bowl which was nice. 3 out of 4 of us were pretty happy with the meal, though there were a few anomalies. I had the Al Pastor Street Tacos which had excellent flavor and little crisp edges, but it really could have used some salsa or something else to break it up a bit from the meat and lettuce. The corn tortillas were high quality but served steamed only which I would definitely preferred them to have been fried up a little. My friend's liked their fish tacos and chimichanga just fine, but our other friend had a chicken dish that weirded her out. She said the texture was like it was undercooked, but it wasn't pink at all. It was tough, but juicy. It freaked her out a bit and we surmised that maybe it was a frozen chicken breast that had been microwaved before being cooked. She mentioned it to the waiter who, before she could finish describing the issue, said \"weird texture\" and offered a discount. He had definitely heard the comment elsewhere. He was nice, but a bit odd and made some off comment about the kitchen not speaking English that wasn't too flattering to the establishment ( I wouldn't want my staff to say anything like that, put it that way). In the end, I would definitely go back as there are a wide selection of entrees that look interesting along with a Dinner Combo menu that has straight fare for $8.75. I'm sure they can work out all these issues in time and will earn a 4 or 5 star rating. Good Luck Old Mexico.", 3, 0], "05sQn0-mbGZQS4NxAUJ1DA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/17/2015", "The worst! Don't bother. The menu is confusing, the drinks weak, and the food completely tasteless. Taco Bell does it better than this place.", 1, 0], "J8DWHt79U91jSpSU-NGBpA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/16/2015", "Way to strike out Old Mexico. My wife and I were very excited about the opening of a new Mexican restaurant in Ithaca but were sadly disappointed. Old Mexico failed in three distinct ways. First, the chips that came as part of the complimentary chips and salsa were under salted and oily. Second, my wife's order of the steak fajita quesadilla was terrible. The steak had an off taste as if it was going bad. When we spoke to the manager about it, he told us that it was because the cook incorrectly cooked the meat on the flat iron, as opposed to the grill. Call me crazy, but I didn't know that the incorrect cooking technique would lead to an off taste.Third and most shameful, our waiter was awful. He was uninterested in engaging us or even being polite. Also, he does not know the menu or understand Mexican food. When I ordered the Al Pastor Street Tacos, he asked me what kind of meat I wanted. In a surprised voice, I told him pork. Later I realized that he tried to charge me extra for \"upgrading\" to pork. Hah, look at your menu, the dish is made exclusively with pork. Finally and worst of all, he never came by our table to ask how we were enjoying the food and even disregarded me nodding (across the room) for him to come to the table. There are of course many problems with him not checking on us, but the real issue here was my wife's bad plate. We couldn't get someone to our table for probably 10-15 minutes. At that point, we just wanted to leave. The manager did take my wife's item off the bill but then I had to argue that there shouldn't be a pork upcharge on the Al Pastor Street Tacos.", 1, 4], "OR9CCoK-PgM6llXBkZaUxg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/15/2015", "Five of us went to lunch yesterday at Old Mexico. I think any long-time Ithacan will not see the inside as anything other than Manos. Personally I pray they burned the kitchen down and rebuilt it from the ground up, but I realize that is pushing it. The updates they made are modern and warm. I liked the lights with the little colored jewels hanging over every table. I I did not like how close the booths are to each other going down the middle of the dining room,  I personally don't want to sit that close to strangers during a meal. We were able to sit at one of the larger tables on the outside of the dining room. We did not get to see the other side of the restaurant (the old Ichabod) but I hear there's a full bar and their drink menu was pretty impressive.We arrived a little before twelve and there were hardly any other patrons there, and even after we were done eating around 1:00. That's too bad, as they could do a great business for lunch. So I'm not sure if it's the location or perhaps people are waiting for them to work out the kinks. I don't know, people are always in such a rush these days anyway, how many people take time during a work day to sit down and have a leisurely lunch? I had the day off, so that was my excuse.Our server, Angela, was great. It was only her second day. She was friendly and attentive, and we had no long waits for anything we asked for. The chips and salsa were tasty! I liked that the salsa was smooth instead of chunky. We each had individual bowls which is a nice touch. I don't think the chips are made there but I've been wrong before. Who knows. I ordered the Street Tacos with chicken and while they were good, I thought the chicken was overdone a bit. Maybe this is standard, as another person in our party ordered the \"Joe's Burger\" and was told they had to serve it well-done and there was no other option (friend reports Joe's Burger was delicious. Huge pieces of avocado on it. No skimping there.) I had rice and beans on the side. I'm really picky about refried beans, and I think I convinced myself they would suck but by the end of the meal I'm pretty sure I loved them.I didn't expect to like this place at all but overall it was a great experience and I'll go back again. Their menu is huge! Too huge I think.", 3, 2], "1BB6GnedFjK3-iTYqyFRiA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/9/2015", "I visited in their first week of operation, and they are already doing many things right. It was a busy dinner time on a weeknight and we were seated and served as promptly as the staff could manage. Waiting wasn't bad because everyone at the table really liked the homemade salsa. The waitstaff is trying hard and helpful. Most things about the menu were good, but the vegetarian options seemed poorly thought through and much less coherent than the rest of the menu. I plan on going back once the initial crowds have calmed down. I'm hoping that they'll include a few more veggie combos in the menu, so I'll have more options. That could make me a happy regular.", 4, 2], "MMfzKkJNSQUoJHneMB7FEg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/8/2015", "Some good... Mostly bad! The guacamole was excellent, the complimentary chips crisp and warm, and the salsa pretty good. The fajita was a mix... Shrimp and chicken was good, steak too well done. Not enough lettuce and stuff on the side, and a minuscule amount of sour cream... And they charged to bring more! The other three meals were close to inedible. The skirt steaks (which I love and make all the time), were pounded thin, over cooked, and were like shoe leather! The cheese enchiladas had almost no cheese and little flavor, and the meat burritos had NO flavor, and the meat was totally dry with no other fillings! And all the tortillas were thick and hard.As for the service, our waiter was very nice but totally clueless... Getting almost every order wrong the first time! The food also took forever to come out.I understand the place is new and the service should improve, but they really need to do something about their main dishes. They can't hold a candle to Viva Taqueria, or Moe's, and even Taco Bell has better food!This is not their first restaurant, and they should know better. I hope they improve, because it is a nice place and has lot's of potential.", 1, 1], "QFpCwQcUcJC7Z3MKDLaJIQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/7/2015", "Old Mexico es perfecto! Their biggest competitor, Viva, isn't authentic Mexican food--they're a step above Taco Bell, but not a big one. In contrast, Old Mexico freaking nails it. This place is the real deal. I grew up in a neighborhood with taquerias every third block, and this is the ONLY Mexican restaurant in Ithaca that really captures that authentic flavor. I ordered the Enchiladas Suizas, and tasted my fiance's shredded beef Nachos Simples. The carnitas were great. The green sauce was SO great. The rice and beans were amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they even offer tacos al pastor, with cilantro and onion! It doesn't get more authentic than that. I'm already planning to eat here once a week (budget permitting). I treat rice and beans as a litmus test for how good a Mexican restaurant is. Viva's refried beans have foam on top... Old Mexico's are PERFECT. Full disclosure: I order takeout 99 times out of 100, and judge a restaurant exclusively by the taste of its food. I don't care about ambiance or location or how standoffish the waitstaff are, as long as nobody is actively spitting in my face. I love this place! I just hope there's enough interest in authentic Mexican food to keep them afloat here.", 5, 2], "fUJ5G5Mdm3bP3cVJVIZp2w": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/7/2015", "We also tried this place, on opening day. They were extra busy. So we expected some problems. I feel that the pricing and portion sizes are accurate. The food tasted as expected. It's an American resturant. People must get a clue, real Mexican food is nothing like our version. So it is good for what it is. Very good. The atmosphere was very nice. Our sever also had the dazed look in her eyes, but I'm sure her inexperience was the factor. The salsa needs to be a bit milder for the gringos, and a bit hotter for the connoisseurs- a mild and hot choice. The Pico de Gallo was a bit hotter than we prefer also. I believe they will be able to work the kinks out soon. Including the crew, and we all know, they will have a steady rotation of servers for the next few months. Until they find the keepers.", 4, 0], "TcZ1Y1eoRYPq_9A-sOLaoA": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/7/2015", "My wife and I were very excited about the opening of Old Mexico. I grew up in Texas and have a deep love for Mexican food. Viva just doesn't cut it. In fact, in my humble opinion, Viva is not really Mexican food. Garcia's was decent, but closed down quite a bit ago. I sometimes make the drive to Cortland, although I don't think Garcia's is that great. I was hoping that Ithaca would now have a decent option for Mexican food. We stopped in for lunch today and I have to say we were very disappointed. The complimentary chips and salsa were okay-the salsa was a little heavy on the cilantro. My wife ordered a chili relleno lunch combo with rice and beans. I ordered the fajita lunch combo with veggies instead of meat. The food came out very fast. In fact, almost too fast. For $6.50, my wife got a tiny chili relleno and a small amount of rice and beans. The plate wasn't very big, so the portions were very small. No exaggeration. After tasting the relleno, she said that it tasted like it had been frozen and then refried. The breading was soggy...the relleno was bland as was the rice. The only saving grace was the refried beans. They tasted okay. I was equally disappointed with my meal. For $7.00, I got a large pile of fried veggies, rice and refried beans. My portions were bigger...which is strange. However, when I order fajitas, whether for lunch or dinner, I expect the veggies or meat to come out on a sizzling skillet. No here. The veggies were piled on my plate and they were not even close to sizzling. They were warm-not hot. It seemed like they had previously been cooked and were sitting under a warmer. I was not served any cheese or sour cream with my meal, either. So, my fajitas were just veggies on a tortilla. Boring. All in all, the meal was just underwhelming and disappointing.", 2, 3], "RMuvWu_VTxGNam2Dph54Ew": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/5/2015", "Food was delicious and by far the best Mexican food in Ithaca. Decor was stunning. Wait service was attentive although they did have an issue with the credit card machine. I chalk that up to having just opened a week ago. Extensive menu with a large combo list. Love that it's meat-centric. We need more places like that in Ithaca.", 5, 0], "FxNZlTmY8Vg5n-dXkGI3Dg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/5/2015", "Not too shabby! I was quite impressed with the decor walking in. I knew it should be good when they put so much attention to the details. Check out those ceiling tiles! Food prices are reasonable and quality is fresh and tasty. Best Mexican food in ithaca so far! Not feeling so homesick for Houston anymore. :)", 5, 3], "LtjRO8NJEd0jCJpXcmanPQ": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/4/2015", "My partner's enchiladas were good, and the chips (warm!) and salsa at the beginning were lovely.My fajitas were okay; too heavy on the onion, and the server forgot to bring tortillas (a reminder fixed that, though). All the waitstaff seemed deer-in-the-headlights dazed, probably because they just opened and are still learning. Fine. The menu is pretty big, with 18 available combos, of which NOT ONE IS VEGETARIAN. This is Ithaca, people; vegetarians are everywhere. I wanted a bean and cheese burrito, and was told that was impossible. The menu does indeed have a veggie section, with four options, so I guess I appreciate my existence being acknowledged in a token way, BUT... ALL your enchiladas, tacos, and burritos should be able to be prepared with a simple bean-for-meat substitution. It just isn't hard to do at all. I want to like this place. Hopefully they're listening.", 3, 3], "1t0HV9WsYp4sB6RAWe9ahg": ["Yelp", "Old Mexico", "7/2/2015", "Just got home from having dinner, they have an extensive tequila menu, however we didn't partake in any drinking today. Our server was nice, but some what inattentive. I ordered the pork carnitas, they were not properly executed correctly, no crispness on them a there were blobs of fat, the pork was overly salty but tender. I had the black beans instead of refried, they were chalky and tasteless, didn't eat them. The rice was bland and dry, but I had to eat something. If the corn tortillas are made there,they need a lot of help, mine were very thick and dry. My husband had the carne asada, the portion seem very small for the price, we also ordered a side of guacamole, I really didn't care for it at all, something was very off about it. I have no plans on ever going back and this is the first time I have ever left a Mexican restaurant hungry.", 1, 8]}
{"f8EsrjL5cjvaubQ54rFEPw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/22/2019", "Came here on a Friday morning around 830am. Wasn't busy at all. I ordered an egg white omelette with many different veggies, but i revived only spinach and broccoli inside. It had a very oily taste to it. I also ordered sweet fries, but was not impressed. They were Very fried and crunchy, I prefer mine less fried. I would be willing to give this place another chance, but overall was not too impressed.", 3, 0], "qXrioAdSxeOsl7XvYJ5qKw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "10/8/2018", "We eat breakfast here every single time we are in Ithaca. The coffee is always fresh, the food is delicious and the menu is huge! Oh- and they always have THE BEST music on! It's a little thing but it really completes the ambiance for me. I gave 4 stars because I think the food is a bit overpriced", 4, 0], "g43xK957BF9p_LKrcXAHZQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "10/7/2018", "Florentine Omelette: Filling omelette with a side of potatoes and wheat bread sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. Not too costly and prepped quickly and thoroughly. Dining: Cozy, not so loud seating area and good service.", 4, 0], "m5ScqxvgBwz9NkyAVS5xNw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "10/1/2018", "This was always a staple place to go, and many happy memories. Unfortunately probably our last visit. This is a $22 steak covered in a special sauce that you just get without even asking. It's A-1. The gravy is flavorless. Guys - just serve the steak - the customer can add to it. On the positive side they didn't charge us for the steak (thank you) and the chili is delicious and the service was good.", 3, 0], "FjyaHO9OcTHGIxKWeEPF0w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/23/2018", "The breakfast spot we wanted to try was closed for the day so we set out to find another diner. We decided to check the State Diner out and were seated almost immediately. It was already busy so I guess we lucked out! Our service was pretty quick for it being as busy as it was. They didn't refill our waters but checked on us a few times. My friend got chicken and waffles which were piled high and delicious! I got a ham & cheese omelette with hash browns & toast. The hash browns weren't as well done as I would have liked but the omelette was extra cheesy & the toast was perfect. The building was made to look like an old restored train car, or maybe it was one? Either way, cool place to check out. The seats in the booths were flip down seats, like you might see at a baseball game (only cushioned). I would recommend walking around the neighborhood afterwards, lots of murals around the city to see!", 3, 3], "OUhzXLPd2ekwVbPK3-hEyA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/30/2018", "I was skeptical about trying this place but decided to give it a chance. It's good because it can fit a large party of people. I got the three cheese chicken wrap with sweet potato fries and was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and the bread they used for the wrap was toasted the way I like it. They also give you free refills on your coffee. Service was decent. It was quick and the staff was friendly and helpful. It's a very typical diner vibe so if you're looking for something like that then this is the place to go.", 4, 0], "JFqRjgJmYFBXgCUdqsx8yg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/18/2018", "Perfect hash and poached!!! Great spot. Everything you'd expect, executed perfectly. And that's cuz the staff takes pride in their work. Very refreshing. (I live in LA where staff work begrudgingly and under half steam because they're \"actors\"...ugh) If you want a show with your meal, 11am on a weekend the place is poppin'. Sit at the counter and watch 3 short order cooks, side by each, fighting to stay out of the weeds! Fantastic. I even ate dinner here and was surprised to get all the delicious \"Manhattan Greek Diner\" flavors that I love.", 4, 0], "dp6eucVX2-uXAFTlAsvCTw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/4/2018", "This is an awesome little diner on beautiful State Street in Ithaca, NY. My wife and I are in town for several days from Texas, and have made it a point to eat here on multiple occasions once we discovered it. Very clean. Very friendly. A GREAT server named Karina took very good care of us. An extensive menu.. I had Fried Chicken. Diner Fried Chicken. Could it get any better? Crunchy and delicious. Make sure you get the mashed potatoes and gravy as a side. My wife had the Fish Dinner, which was a large portion of fried Haddock, which she said was terrific. You'll be happy you chose this little (not so little, really) place, I guarantee you.", 5, 0], "hup-rpIKIYspzUTKIaAa4A": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/25/2018", "It's a diner. I mean everything about it screams diner- the size, layout, staff, cook, counters, menu for sure. I didn't expect some amazing meal tucked into a diner, I expect the guy behind the counter to cook my food on the grill top and my (really nice) server to serve it. All that happened. We enjoyed breakfast but weren't expecting the best so our expectations were easily met. Mary is a sweetheart.", 3, 0], "gwSdIOt6MrGOtCAXCwIN2w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/25/2018", "A decent stop for a quick meal. Nothing to write home about. The space has some history to it so it's cool to go back in time with the old school diner setup. Although, the stale cigarette smell from a time when smoking inside was legal still lingers. Ah, nostalgia. The service was friendly, helpful, and prompt. We had regular coffee refills, quick water delivery, and our orders were speedy from the kitchen. I wish we sat behind the counter instead so we could get the view from the prep area. I had a breakfast sandwich on white bread with american and bacon. I added a side of homefries, but they were pretty bland and not crispy how I like them. Dan had scrambled eggs, bacon, and homefries. The bacon was really the best part of this meal - thick, crispy slices.You pay at the counter at the end. You won't set yourself back more than $20 bucks for a quick meal.", 3, 12], "qJol3g--6nY61SUx9WC5HQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/19/2018", "Came in for bkf. Food was just what I wanted. Typical diner menue. Mary was a gr8 server.", 4, 0], "_nUKxfKuW5YwVrHvNv4iiw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/17/2018", "Service was quick and the food was delicious! Always a fail-safe when I can't figure out where to go for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!", 5, 0], "9GOeuxOctRSrMEMyYqtSHg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/15/2018", "We went here on a busy Sunday morning with a group of 6. Never saw any group waiting for very long at all. Drink order were taken on our way to the table and served quickly. Service was very friendly. Coffees refilled frequently. Food was very good. Quick service especially considering the full diner but we never felt as though we were being rushed out. Definitely recommend for a home cooked meal.", 5, 0], "Yr95uUHDuK1Ps3HE-IT2Ng": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/4/2018", "Taste: 3Service: 5Value: 1Presentation: 2Overall: 2.7 rounded up to 3Hi and welcome to another episode of javing it with Javier. Let's see what we are javing today. My friends and I stopped by a small town while travelling to Ithaca for the long weekend to grab some food. Let's dive right into the review.My friends and I split several dishes. We tried the chicken and waffles, their famous sausage, and their biscuits and gravy. Starting off with the chicken and waffles, the chicken was very crispy in contrast with the very soft waffle. There was less chicken than I had expected though. The sausage was mediocre and it was small too. Probably my least favourite part. The biscuits and gravy were a new try for me but the white gravy was way too salty for my tastes. All in all, everything was average and nothing really stood out to me.On the other hand, their staff are very friendly and made sure we had our waters topped up and new utensils when we needed them. We also had a nice chat with her which was very pleasant. Good thing we split the food, as everything was pretty expensive. The chicken and waffles was $20, the sausage which I could finish in 3 bites was $7 and the biscuit was around $15. I felt like it wasn't particularly filling even after sharing 3 dishes.Overall, my experience here was OK. I didn't get to try too many places in the area so there was not much to compare to. And that's it for today's episode of javing it with Javier. And remember food is life!", 3, 0], "8PATAjzUjh92Mu2Zv7EmKQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/30/2018", "This place is truly and honestly the best diner food I've had in upstate New York. First of all the place is huge and there is plenty of room even for a large group of 10 like us to sit near each other. Place is clean and smells delicious! When we first looked at the menu sure we noticed the prices were a bit on the high side but we figured it must be for good reason.     I ordered the Cajun burger and Man was it great! Juicy and a bit of spice to it. It was a really really good burger for a diner. My wife ordered a regular burger and that did not stop the cook to make it just as amazing. To top it all off the service was unbelievable. Granted it was not as packed but that did not stop out waiter from checking up on us non stop!   Truly a great place in a already great town! Thank you Guys for the great food!", 5, 0], "MVqxTLAD2PcOEvrcCKN8gQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/11/2018", "EXPENSIVE! Really - my French Toast was $7.25 for 3 slices of grocery store white bread dunked in a scrambled egg. It was an additional $3.50 to add 3 slices of bacon. Will not return and would not recommend to anybody. I could feed a dozen people the same breakfast at home for that amount of money.", 1, 0], "vL8IVrOddz55oBovL5_Jgg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/13/2018", "Super friendly staff, great service, delicious food. If you are looking for tasty and simple diner food as well as a great atmosphere, this is the place to go. I stopped in just by chance and was completely satisfied with my experience.", 5, 0], "F8sg9cyjJzRci1BVNo6XdQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/11/2018", "this is what the state diner claims is a half pound burger i paid 9.79 for this burger. it weighed 3 ounces. when i called them they told me tough shit. do not waste your money at this dump. i paid $80 for my order you would think they would value my business.", 1, 0], "r6W-T5abxTbdyXN4NtTk6w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/15/2018", "I've had breakfast at The State Diner probably once a month over the past two years and have not had a bad meal or experience. The food is always excellent and the service is great. Ownership has worked hard at improving since the re-build and it has really evolved into what a modern diner should be.", 5, 0], "LahZOYJnovIQDjipUvvJcA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/6/2018", "Great breakfast. Open at 6:00am thank goodness. Sometimes you just need a good greasy spoon. Friendly staff, always a pleasure to visit.", 4, 0], "ZcgOVMPH1gAJVC109Tx19w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/28/2017", "Food is ok for the affordable price.But about 50 percent of the time I have an Error in my order. Usually something like forgetting bacon on my grilled cheese. I currently order here though ithaca to go, but looks like ill be switching to seamless and targeting other restaurants.", 2, 0], "IEFk4GhPA9CcV3ECFCWNkw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/6/2017", "I hadn't been back to the diner since the fire- the new interior is bright and shiny. Classic diner style, classic diner food. We got the chicken and waffles and a plate of cheese fries with Gravy. The waffles had great flavor, the friend chicken was crispy and tasty (more breading that meat) and the fries were our favorite- we kept the gravy and dunked the rest of our lunch in it. Perfect place for folks who fear vegetables, don't' worry, no fruits or vegetables will appear on your table unless you go out of your way to ask for it specifically. The place was slammed for Sunday brunch on a holiday weekend, with a line out the door, so we were amazed when we were seated in less than 15 minutes. Our wait staff was SUPER efficient and pro. I've never been served so fast in a place that slammed. A tribute both to the staff and to the management for staffing right for a holiday weekend.", 4, 0], "AiODcNnz2-gBdkkDKWNRag": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/18/2017", "I really really liked their meatloaf and they gave me extra gravy when I asked :D I was worried it wouldn't be available during breakfast, but they said everything was available anytime!I found the fold down booths at the front super cute and I found the service quite good. The chicken noodle soup was a little salty, but I still really enjoyed it with crackers crumbled in.It is admittedly standard diner food overall, but the meatloaf is definitely 7/5.", 4, 0], "nM22wyJpIYcPaPGI4lNZmA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/23/2017", "Food was great, the online menu seems as if it hasn't been updated as some of the items are not on the menu in the diner. I wouldn't recommend coming here on the weekends as that seems to be the time when everyone else does. Took me about an hour to get my food, but when it came it was above average. Overall the food was ok and if you enjoy the classic diner feel this is the place to go. The waiters we welcoming and had manners unlike some diners I've been to.", 4, 0], "Mt6aTsKqzEopN8uNB-_DTQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "4/16/2017", "A classic diner!A classic blue collar diner in Ithaca, The State Diner is a great place to go for a classic diner breakfast. If you sit in the front booths you are greeted by fold-down seats and you can watch the mound of home-fries cooking on the grill. Great home-made biscuits. And, as a bonus, this being a college town it does not get crowded on week-ends until the late morning. It is in relatively close proximity to the race course and boat houses for the Cornell and Ithaca crews.", 4, 1], "lZ-PurJXNS8vsnptpAjk3A": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/17/2017", "Great food, nice service, and the overall atmosphere is very relaxing and puts you in the perfect mood for the day. No matter what you order, it is almost garuanteed you will be satisfied. And the coffee is just as good. Would recommend.", 5, 0], "QtqhhIGEnAuKOUQX09bZ3Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/28/2017", "It is what it is. For diner food, it's not bad. The advantage to places like this is 1. Their affordability 2. Their late-night hours. We made it in around 10:15, but I'm fairly certain they're 24 Hours. There was certainly no rush as we ate. My buffalo chicken wrap and fries were tasty. The fries especially were crispy, well-done without being brown, and I would say they were the best part of the meal. The chicken inside of the tenders was appetizing, though there wasn't a wealth of it there. The wrap fell apart on me, but that comes with the territory. Their buffalo sauce was flavorful, but not especially noticeable within the entire wrap. It's a local haut where men gather to watch tv and talk to one another at night. Their staff is incredibly friendly, and our waitress knew the menu inside and out. They cook the hot food right in front of you, and our chef talked to us a bit too.", 3, 0], "5k-7AUN62lV2WMwdyJGH0Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "12/28/2016", "As friendly as our waitress was....everything else left a lot to be desired. Very high prices for 2 horrible breakfasts. Disappointing. We will not be coming back.", 1, 0], "0jvY4j9ULyMTBCTHDicVJA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/7/2016", "Was in Ithaca visiting my son and went here on a busy Sunday morning. It was very crowded when we arrived, but we were seated within the time we were told the wait would be - which a lot of places can't get right. Unfortunately, that was the high point. We waited 35 minutes to get our food, and my wife's eggs were hard - not soft like she asked. When the waitress had them red-done, she felt compelled to tell my wife that the first plste was cooked properly (it wasn't) but \"the cook re-did them anyway.\" My omlet was cold.So - I don't think we'll be back.", 2, 1], "QN3v4PO3p-1Bw2mK6KP0oA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "10/28/2016", "I have been to this place twice already. Friendly staff. It's a very typical American diner atmosphere. The chairs fold up and there is a coat hanger next to the table to hang your coats. The food is alright. It sure isn't mind blowing but decent. My only issue is that this place is over priced for a diner. Kids eat free on Tuesday but on any other day a meal from the kids menu will cost you $9.00. I am use to paying between $6.00-7.00 for a kids meal. Even an adult meal cost lower than this. Oh well.. I will only come back on Tuesday.", 4, 3], "EH99d7ItAwZjuq1F3Vm9Pw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "10/16/2016", "Unassuming, delicious food, with a nostalgic sensibility. The State Diner delivers on what you would expect out of a typical American diner. (10/15/16)Food 4/5 | Atmosphere 3/5 | Service 5/5 | Value 3/5Pros: good variety of food, great service, friendly staffCons: some meals have more value than others, price matches quality of food but not atmosphere----Food 4/5: (Tuna Melt w/ Fries $10, Souvlaki w/ feta cheese $9)I ordered the Tuna Melt on rye bread with fries, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. I always order the tuna option when I eat sandwiches, and let me tell you, this tuna melt was one of the best I've ever had. The rye bread (with hints of dill) was perfectly toasted with butter. The tuna salad itself was a perfect consistency-- not too dry, not too wet. The thick cut of swiss cheese with the pickle on the side made the dish complete. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside; well seasoned.My partner ordered the Souvlaki with feta ($1 extra) and no tomatoes. The pork was well-cooked and seasoned-- not overly salty as some souvlakis can be. There was a good sauce to meat ratio, but there was too much lettuce on top. The pita bread was soft yet had the firm chewy texture one would expect from a good souvlaki. The tzatziki sauce itself was creamy with the right amount of garlic and spices. Combined with the sprinkling of feta cheese on top, the dish struck the right balance between tart and creamy.Atmosphere 3/5The booth seats can be a little uncomfortable, as they flip up, but are playful and adds a rough charm to the place. The music can be a little loud, and depending on your partiality to the style of the music itself, can get a bit much. However, it's still a great atmosphere if you like classic Americana diners. The place feels like a nostalgic timepiece of the past but renovated to accommodate modern needs. Ultimately, it's a place to \"hang out\" but not \"go out.\"Service 5/5Attentive and friendly staff. Provided refills without prompting. Asked how we were going mid-way. Provided us the check without having to call, and proactively asked if we wanted to split or pay the check together. Upon leaving, we were given a friendly and genuine \"have a great day.\" Overall, we were impressed by the attentiveness of the service staff.Value 3/5Some items have greater value and are more filling than others (the tuna melt with fries + pickle at $10 vs. just souvlaki w/ feta cheese $9), but ultimately the prices are fair. I would recommend getting dishes that include a side.", 4, 2], "9vrN2f2LXrK6L5tj63P0kA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/27/2016", "This place is so good. It's a diner that literally has 5 pages front and back of choices! Breakfast all day. The omelettes are huge and good, come with home fries and 4 pieces of toast. Yum! Side salad is small but good. Chili is good too. If you mix the veggie chili and beef chili it's good! The waitress' are very nice and know a lot about the history of the place. Open from 6am-10pm. If you're a health nut you probably will not enjoy this place but it's truly amazing food for a little diner. This is a must go place.", 5, 0], "Xx03QlnyxWM10qijc7RnoQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/27/2016", "$4.69 for 1 egg on roll? Manhattan is half that. Asked for ketchup so they made me put it on. Embarrassing for a town diner. The counter/register people are also thieves - looked on their menu and it's listed as $2.69.", 1, 0], "sXZsR9oYdPGIsZw5quUy1g": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/3/2016", "Don't go here it was insanely expensive 3 turkey clubs and a kids hot dog with French fries came to 79.00$ ridiculous it was uncomfortable seating and our waitress kept forgetting we were there and to food was only so so waste of money", 1, 1], "iOZJThweL5S_ZaaIiVJR3A": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/2/2016", "French Toast was burnt on one side ordered bacon and we canceled it because we were done eating.", 2, 0], "a5w7D8FayHV7S24tvFYIDQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/20/2016", "I would give it 2.5 stars if I could, friendly and quick service but the food really wasn't that good. I definitely prefer Lincoln St Diner.", 2, 0], "C9mWDoTYfjDefz2GbOO18g": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/27/2016", "Open for breakfast Easter Sunday, most everything else closed. Good food, decent service, old school diner. Street parking slightly challenging.", 4, 1], "R-T2hWDevZeLg6It2gD9Hw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/21/2016", "I visited the State Diner with friends during a weekend trip to Cornell. I ordered the French Toast and Chocolate Milk as my drink. The service was fine however when the food came out I was very disappointed with the quality of my french toast. I was expecting challah bread to be used however their version of French Toast was three small pieces of potato bread dipped in French Toast mix. For $7 this was unacceptable and not a quality breakfast. To make matters worse when we got the check I was charged $3.50 for the chocolate milk when it clearly said $2.50 on the menu. When I brought this issue up to the waitress she gave me a lame excuse that what I had received was a \"large\" chocolate milk when I was never given the option of small or large and most definitely didn't ask for it.In summary this diner is overpriced, terrible food and a terrible atmosphere. Stay away!", 1, 1], "v5NXC1uJIfmIlPjujBWc_Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/25/2016", "went here with my owner, friendly service but shitty atmosphere subpar salad and bboring droll human-ness diid not care for it and i felt unwelcomed", 1, 2], "HemGS1ommwFWJAA5nl-YfQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "1/26/2016", "Pros: The servers all seem to be very nice. Very attentive in refilling coffee and water. Cons: For one undercooked, soggy waffle, two eggs, three slices of very thin bacon, and three slices of what was more like warm bread than toast slathered with butter it was over $17. It wouldn't be worth $17 for that amount of food if it were excellent, and it wasn't close.I believe the waffle mix is from a premixed batter. That means the only thing that needs to be done besides pouring it in the waffle iron is leaving it in there for long enough. This is a task untrained people manage to handle at continental breakfasts across this nation everyday with minimal supervision, yet the staff at a restaurant could not.For the price it isn't worth finding out how they do with more complex items on the menu.", 2, 0], "q8b4ok-39CaYT6S0tHXyDw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "1/21/2016", "It was a busy day when I came in, the servers were running around and I was on my work break. I asked for a BLT, and once my BLT arrived I took a bite out of it and there was NO TOMATO. Such a bummer, most diners are disappearing around Ithaca. I just wish there were better ones", 1, 0], "oviu_QtrKEIZL9g5LgBTRQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "12/23/2015", "We weren't sure what to eat tonight (burgers? pizza? evening breakfast?). But it didn't leave me frustrated because it gave us the chance to finally try The State Diner.I'm not sure how things are when this place is poppin', but the sodas we ordered shortly after sitting down were almost immediately brought to our table. When I asked about the vegetarian chili option for chili cheese fries, I was offered a sample to see whether or not I'd like it (which I did - especially the bits of sweet potato - but since I always eat like that, I thought I'd \"go crazy\" with a lacto-ovo plate and toast made of processed white bread.). The food was quick to order and made to our liking; my cheese omelette's eggs were dry, and my son's burger was very well done and topped with fresh veggies. I even spotted two Nutella packets in the basket of jam for my toast. Score.But hinting at the service above isn't enough. Our waitress, Kim, was attentive and upbeat. Her co-worker at the cashier served up just enough small talk while I paid our bill. And the cook turned around from his grill just to say \"hi\". Good people.This was our first visit, and I'm not sure when I'll be back. But I'm looking forward to more so I can justify raising my rating from three to four stars.....Okay, I'm back to make edits and can't save this review without clicking the fourth star despite that being my first visit. The food was fresh, so it filled us up without forming a brick in our stomachs; and the service rivaled that which you'd find in a more upscale restaurant. I'm a fan! :)", 4, 0], "T4VW-qF90BdATdULyxZZbA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/22/2015", "Not bad overall......if your a big guy such as myself the booths and stools are a tight fit.", 3, 0], "SUmpU0WRwcI3LG2yT_1xrA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/15/2015", "We come here every time we visit my brother at Cornell and it's always fast and delicious. This time we had the pleasure of sitting at the counter and, let me say, these grill guys run a tight ship! It was fun watching them work together, and seeing how they make the home fries so delicious (the secret is they leave the on the grill in a huge heap forever and it makes them amazing)!", 4, 0], "wArg-Dte67bCcNP-LLnQ1w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/14/2015", "This is a fine diner if you are really craving some traditional diner food but this is not the place to go if you are looking for a nice breakfast/brunch. My boyfriend and I came here today for lunch and ordered a cup of their award winning chili to start and then a BLT for me, a turkey sandwich for him and a side of fries to share. The chili was pretty good... It wasn't the best chili I had ever had or anything but it was definitely a good cup of chili. It was good that we had that to start though because it took a half hour for our sandwiches to come out after that (which is crazy for a diner). When the food finally came out, I was a little disappointed - they REALLY skimped on the bacon on my BLT like there was a piece and a half on each side. It was still a good BLT but darn I wish there was more bacon! The fries were really good but they came straight from the fryer to our plate so they were sitting in a bit of grease. But whateva! The fries were perfectly crispy (possibly the best part of the meal?) My boyfriend liked his turkey sandwich and had no complaints.UPDATE: we returned and the service was much quicker during lunch. The chicken and rice soup was good but a little too salty. Definitely a fine place to go for traditional diner food and also a good fast, cheap option. Will have to return and try breakfast for a more complete review.", 3, 2], "0-wQllnRcxqGc2YCxV8TBg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/23/2015", "The omelette I ordered was more like a fried egg on both sides with too many Swiss cheese slices semi melted in between. It was not at all fluffy and light.", 1, 1], "DDyjddTAMMxI-0sLKItIgA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/9/2015", "Throwback. Old School. Great diner. Went to try Sunset Grill, but came across State Diner. Food was good, but Toni, our waitress, was fantastic; maybe the best thing about State Diner. Also, they played great tunes. Must be packed when students are back.Solid and fun place!", 3, 0], "Li-QoNTjNRYLbZr6bMbbAA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/9/2015", "Awesome service and fabulous food! Top notch breakfast place. Eggs, toast and home fries were delicious. Egg sandwich equally tasty. Very clean place to boot.", 5, 0], "IrJQRG_p8Y6E5nnCKycyWg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/26/2015", "Very fast, very friendly service. Vegetarian chili was delicious & spicy! Fish fry on Fridays. Cool booths with old-fashioned fold up seats & chrome coatracks. Inside is shiny trolley-car retro styled.", 4, 0], "aQ1QmSDjOL6y4csFsTpy-Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/26/2015", "I was in a right state when I ate here. A state of shock, a state of panic, a new york state of mind, call it what you want to.It was after a concert in Ithaca and I was with a female friend. We sought out a place to eat, and after being unimpressed by Shortstop, we ventured here for a late night sit down just before closing.We shared a meal because we'd already eaten. Ham Dinner, or something thereabouts. It was perfectly pleasing, hot, juicy, tasted homemade. It wasn't the best food we'd ever had, but it also wasn't the worst and it hit the spot.The service was particularly bad and unfriendly and left a bad taste in our mouths, whereas the food did not. Had we received more friendly service, I'm sure I could have added an extra star. I do like the food here though.", 4, 23], "0IszbZR1OBF8QjSjMn3_BA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/17/2015", "Authentic greek weekend doesn't exist. Which was advertised. Gyro sandwich with little meat and feta is 1.00 extra . Thought Greeks wanted one to eat well this isn't the place for that . Small 2.99 cold French fries . Won't be back very disappointed!!!!", 1, 1], "-zgzmq8U9gWgrvJFxsLwXg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/2/2015", "Piece of History, renovated to meet todays needs.Great spot, best Diner we have ever been to.Service on point, courtesy and professional. Thanks Stavropoulos Family.", 5, 0], "mK9QQNIvJkYJaefZRyue8Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/14/2015", "this place has a pretty good breakfast but the lunch/dinner is just ok. i really liked their pancakes. i've been going to a lot of diners lately and State Diner is in my top 3 pancakes. the french toast is good too but i wish they used better bread. the sausage gravy and biscuits are ok but nothing too special. the scrambled eggs are pretty good here, nice and fluffy, and the bacon here is great, probably some of the best bacon i've been served at a diner. they cook it to order on a flat top to order instead of pre-cooking a lot of it and then reheating it. the home fries were a little disappointing thiough.now onto lunch/dinner. i tried their texas hot and wasn't too impressed. the hot dog wasn't really too flavorful and it was a big mess, i had to eat it with a fork and knife. the chilli on it wasn't traditional texas hot style chilli sauce, but rather traditional beef/bean/tomato chilli, which was good but it seemed out of place. the fried chicken is the same i've had in other diners before except this time it seemed a little dry, it must have spent an extra minute in the fryer or something. the fries are decent, but they get a lot better when you order them with gravy and cheese. the mashed potatoes didn't really do much for me, and neither did the burger i tried. this place has a very classic diner vibe and the service as always been good. i dunno that i'd go back for lunch or dinner but i will definitely return for breakfast. oh and i almost forgot, the baklava is pretty good here too! 3.5 out of 5", 3, 2], "t5X04xOfx9jzVa_xRxmBZw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/13/2015", "I stopped going here awhile back. After it reopened after the fire, the prices went way up....for the quality and portions, the price is not worth it. Why pay almost ten bucks for a mediocre burger and fries when one can go to Ithaca Beer Company or the Ale house for a great burger for almost the same price? The State Diner would be decent if the food was priced accordingly....", 2, 0], "Kfcs0N8v5B-ILw4vw3xImw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/11/2015", "Been here on two occasions, once for a western omelet and the 2nd time I had the liver and onions.Pros: -good sized breakfast for a reasonable price-Nutella is an option put out on the table-open 24 hours-unpretentious and helpful waitstaff-let me order a dinner entree at 10 AM in the morningCons:-cold (wasn't heated well)-front booths were uncomfortable (I had to make my coat into a pillow for my back because there only is a cushion for the top of your back, so you sat kinda bunched.)I'd go here again.", 4, 2], "C49ueI6oqUYkVU3oiofi8Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/26/2014", "Nice place for Breakfast in Ithaca. Good food! Nice diner feel, nice and efficient service! Nicole did a great job taking care of us!Thanks!", 4, 0], "tizpFAqgUxS--Expjb9x-g": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/20/2014", "After riding a bus for five hours and arriving in Ithaca at an ungodly hour, I was super hungry and Yelp showed me this was the only sit-down option available. The interior was warm and bright and just like a traditional mom and pop diner. It was like taking a step back in time, and quaint.The waitress, a college student, was remarkably nice and engaged my party in small talk and seemed genuinely interested in learning more about us and our trip.The best part was how surprisingly delicious the breakfast was. With only three stars on Yelp, I was expecting just to satisfy my hunger, but nothing to actually taste any good. The food arrived quickly and far surpassed IHOP, Denny's, and any other diner I had tried in San Diego, California. The food was very flavorful, and I especially like the the rye toast with butter - not soggy at all.As another reviewer said, this is not farm-to-table cuisine. It's conventional food, but done right.If I go to Ithaca again I will return to State Diner for breakfast.", 4, 2], "U3Y2-gai7e9yHymhAiPRWA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "11/10/2014", "Great, friendly place! Open for 24 hours a day and re-modeled after a fire accident. Glad it's back up.", 4, 0], "ylIcpMFTpyMCeFB8oy4H3A": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/28/2014", "Well it's a diner, I'll give it that. I love diners (a lot). This place is nothing particularly special as diners go. The breakfast is decent, as are the burgers and fries. It does everything that a diner should do, and does it effectively. It's a great place to stop in if you're in a rush to grab... well anything that you would get at a diner. Anyone who doesn't automatically know what's on the menu when I say that, there's a good chance you won't like this place. If you're looking for a food experience, or are planning to order anything fancier than eggs and hash browns, go away. You are not welcome here. I would have given this diner an additional star, except for one problem... They are not open 24 hours a day... I know the GIANT SIGN outside says they are, but it's a lie. I know they used to be a 24 hour diner, and I hope that they intend to regain their lost glory. I'll admit this probably seems petty, but to someone who comes from the land of the 24 hour diner this means they lose some serious diner credit (and a star).", 3, 0], "fDDRFtlwyjaa-1CfmSLisQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/2/2014", "We had a great breakfast here on our way out of town. The mere fact that we were able to be seated, and were served our food in the amount of time it would take to get a table in another restaurant, I give this spot 4 stars. Efficient and friendly, just the way a good diner should be. Wish we had stopped in sooner.", 4, 0], "P0AE9oFFifFOPKAlv0j-Bw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/23/2014", "I'd heard about this place for years, so when I was in Ithaca for a conference, I had to stop in. It's a neat place--larger than it looks from the outside--and is open 24/7. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because they were out of coconut cream pie.Diners should NEVER be out of coconut cream pie!!! :-)The staff was friendly and the food came fast.", 4, 0], "GOKiIIiriioV4WdQvpFWzg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/1/2014", "Pretty cool atmosphere. Kinda greasy, but that's to be expected. Selection of pastries is low. Not that clean. Service is sub par.", 3, 0], "Ni72QKETi8nrf9hSubukWw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/31/2014", "Came here for dinner at 8pm one night.Waitress was wicked nice, sat us immediately and took our drink order. The menu here was pretty big but ended up eating the fried chicken with a side of waffles and syrup.The food came out pretty quick. The waffle was medium sized, looked homemade. It was tasty but not the best.The syrup was in one of those plastic small things with the foil you rip off the top. Enough for one waffle, with they had some maple or even syrup in the bottle. Whatever though it was okay.The fried chicken was pretty tasty. I don't know what kind of batter they use but it was very crispy and the chicken was tender and juicy on the inside. It was slightly a bit greasy but hey, it's a diner. The only thing that disappointed me is the portion of the chicken for the price. Could've had a bit more as the size of each individual piece was small.We also had one of their homemade cupcakes on the way out. It was really dry and sweet, though at 8pm at night I can only imagine it had been out all day so I really cannot complain as it was probably delicious fresh.Overall I'd come back to try something new like the burger or something. I definitely do not think it was a bad visit at all, it was good, but for what I got on that day it was just A-OK.", 3, 0], "p7v-LinZNJoXj1MHb43f2w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "12/12/2013", "Breakfast in Ithaca. My first. The diner, according to friends, burned down not long ago and rose from the ashes better than before. The food is simple, nothing complicated here. A basic feta omelet and fried potatoes. Nothing special or to write home about, but it does the job and it's tasty. It comes with friendly service and they were very helpful with the menu and ordering. Everyone was happy and it proved a great starter to our tour of Ithaca.", 3, 4], "-_6nUSK0afDrjoMpBc3DZA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/1/2013", "I'm not a huge fan of diners, especially with all the specialty food options in Ithaca, but I was pleasantly surprised with this place.We had the grilled cheese (with tomato) sandwich and the Patty Melt... both were excellent. Like my fries a little crispier but they were still good.Had a very nice attentive waitress.", 4, 1], "an6D7neFxD72Db6Y3RKQMA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/7/2013", "Its a diner. They serve pretty classic diner fare. So why the 3 stars if I'm getting what I expect? I ordered raspberry pancakes and got two blueberries and no raspberries just a whole lot of raspberry flavoring in my tough pancakes. Seriously, the stuff from boxes is lighter and fluffier. Oh, and did I mention the bacon that was undercooked? Thank goodness my beau ate the half that looked like it hadn't touched the griddle. He enjoyed his meal and walked away with a shrug. My beau's father and brother were with us and they thouroughly enjoyed their meals but I think most 14 yo boys are going to enjoy getting away with a slice blueberry pie for breakfast (here's to hoping his mom never reads this review! If you do, he had OJ and one of my pancakes to round out the meal!) Beau's dad loved the meal - eggs, toast, bacon and coffee. Again, simple and classic fare.Going back? My beau's dad definitely would in a heartbeat. Me? Probably not for breakfast but if I do, maybe I'll try the waffles or french toast.", 3, 0], "eLdarbnyrc4V1Ny-D5n01A": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "8/4/2013", "Maybe it's a Northeast thing (I've never been to Ithaca before), but staff here seriously made me sad. I kid you not - did not see a single smile during my entire meal...not from staff NOR from patrons. One of the bus boys asked my dad if he was Chinese because he thought my mom looked like the oriental women he had \"encountered\" during his stay in Asia. Please don't compare my mom to one of your past ladies of the night. Subconscious racism kind of kills my appetite.Gyro was cold and flavorless even after I asked for and slathered extra tzatziki sauce on it. Milkshake was watery and had chunks of ice in it, portion was also TINY for the price. Brother said his burger wasn't even as good as McDonalds. Moms coffee was watered down and lukewarm. Underwhelming food + lack of sweet waitresses toting hot coffee refills = not a real diner in my book. :( I feel bad for Cornell students if this is their restaurant selection...Tldr; this place is Johnny Rocket's depressed PTSD-stricken second cousin twice removed. Avoid.", 1, 5], "ClC5Axl_u4YlmI9BQ8fx5Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/8/2013", "We were in town for the weekend and wanted to go to Lincoln Street DIner after reading so many positive reviews...but they were closed. We ended up at State Diner and we were not disappointed. It reminded me of a Waffle House in the south- a loud, greasy dive that hasn't been updated in years but serves awesome food and has great service!We were a party of 5 including 1 child under 5 and were seated right away in a big booth. We ordered pancakes: 2 blueberry and the 3rd plain, chicken fingers with fries, and scrambled eggs with Canadian bacon. All were awesome- the pancakes were big, served with fresh fruit and delicious by all accounts. The eggs and CB were good as were the chicken fingers. The Canadian bacon was fresh, definitely not the pre-packaged over-salted version in the grocery store. This was the real deal. My only disappointment was that potatoes are not part of breakfast and had to be ordered as a side. I learned this when my eggs were delivered to me potato-less, which set off a mild panic attack for me- I love breakfast potatoes!! I asked for a side of them, which the waitress brought before I even had a chance to taste the eggs. I'm glad I ordered them- they were fantastic!A great breakfast, reasonably priced and fast, friendly service. I'd definitely go back and highly recommend!", 4, 1], "TGginiDU0I9l6-3o6-tvjw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/3/2013", "Since reopening the ambiance of this place has improved. The fold down seats, the layout, the basic staff uniform are all the same. The booths were reupholstered in grey, the ceiling is now red with chrome accents, there are new pendant light fixtures, and the women's bathroom is very nice now compared to before. The menu seems to be similar and still offers a lot of variety. I think the burgers are better than before.  Today I ordered a gyro platter (see my photo) and my friend ordered a buffalo chicken wrap with fries. My gyro pita was great but my salad had too much dressing for my taste (so next time I'll order it on the side). My friend's wrap was good but the fries were less than desirable (not extremely hot, they could have been more golden). My coffee was just great for what it was (diner coffee).", 2, 4], "s4r9B9wqvbQ6Ga70BhT2Kg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/19/2013", "Heard they had their grand re-opening after the fire, so went there around 6pm on a Saturday. The interior looks great with new paint, tables, and counters. They also have new flip-up seats in the front booths (of which I'm not a fan, but were comfortable enough). The wait staff were attentive almost to the point of over-kill. I had the SD Reuben w/ fries, that were very good. Companion had grilled cheese with chicken noodle soup, which she really enjoyed. Glad to have the State back. Not open 24/7 yet.", 4, 1], "SbZBVpZcpQ2Kw57vZQ4gWQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/3/2012", "I like this place when I'm looking for a diner type meal. It's close to my workplace, which makes it my first diner choice most of the time. The wait staff is always efficient, and the food is usually pretty good.", 3, 0], "9yM2wS6RfjjFxPVJ3mOgLQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/26/2012", "Waiter seemed miserable with her existence. Diner itself was in a deplorable state. And to top it off the food was worse than mediocre. My buffalo chicken wrap was soggy and filled w tomatoes instead of chicken. AND the dinner had bad coffee! I was just shocked. Afterwards my dining partner and I took a walk (bc our stomachs were so unsettled) and found a whole row of great restaurants on the Commons and just north ( on Aurora). One upside (so we thought) is that it's always open unlike a lot of other places we walked by.Don't go here.", 1, 3], "LuCmv0fnazyVmUx1FkSPlw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "7/12/2012", "The food is very good when it's late at night and you're starving. Nothing special about the place, and avoid the front benches no matter what they tell you, always look in the back with the REAL booths or sit at the bar.", 3, 3], "W3PHproIT14DBWQH1plEgA": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/28/2012", "arrived in ithaca at around 10pm and we were starving, so my friend recommended us to goto state diner because its 24/7 its your average dinner with burgers, sandwiches, breakfast and such...price is inexpensive...the waiter was very friendly and told us they are famous for their greek gyros but i was not feeling itnone of the combos come with fries...portions are big but theres nothing special about this place...i guess its good for a late night snack, good thing is that they offer wifi for free for 15 mins thobtw the seating is not all that comfortable here so if your a lil heavy on the waist side then be prepared to suck it in and seat at the bar.", 3, 0], "RVYRe-8R71cO0aPOmeVsyg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/8/2012", "We went here for breakfast. It didn't have a good selection. We were both looking forward to having biscuits; Grisha wanted biscuits and gravy. However, we had to choose either pancakes, french toast, or eggs. The food was decent, but unremarkable. Breakfast is Lindsey's favorite meal to eat out, and was surprised at how expensive the food was for the lack of options compared with other diners she has visited. We won't be back unless it is for lunch or dinner to try a milkshake or burger.", 2, 1], "e2dUSLhTk0NXVwdpT2NWDg": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "1/1/2012", "My friend and I stopped by since it the State Diner is a 24 hr spot. I ordered mozzarella sticks and my friend ordered the pork chop dinner. When we got the food the cheese sticks had already started to harden and the marinera sauce was basic. My friend took ONE bite of the pork chop and replied how it wasn't cooked right AND it was seasoned. It didn't even taste like salt and pepper had been put on the food. He then told the waiter that he didn't want the food. Remember, he only took ONE bite. When I went to pay for my food, the cashier said we had to pay for the pork chop dinner. My friend once again proclaimed that he didn't want the food after he took ONE bite. The cashier then proclaimed that he should have gotten something else on the menu or equal to lesser value if he didn't like the food (as if this is target and you get store credit). The cashier then proceeded to threaten to call the police if my friend didn't pay for the meal. The manager asked us to at least pay half, which we did. However, I can assure you that I will NOT step a foot back into the State Diner and I do NOT recommend this diner to anyone. Not even my worst enemy.", 1, 4], "SfVA2mVjkDz3uudexXGRcQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "9/11/2011", "I have not one good thing to say about this establishment. In fact, if I could give it negative stars, I would. I should also say, it is not vegan-friendly, but at times I've had to suffer through a meal there because of the company I was with. My latest, and hopefully last, time there was this morning. We sat down just after someone had wiped down the table, and it smelled so overwhelmingly of bleach, my eyes watered and my nose burned. Then, it took a disproportionately long time to get someone to bring us our drinks and food. Our server never checked on us to see if we needed refills (we did). After a very lengthy wait, we got our food, and one of the people I was with said, \"We thought you might have forgotten about us.\" Instead of saying \"sorry about the wait,\" possibly an appropriate reaction, the waitress just ignored the comment.The appropriate condiments weren't on the table, and the wait staff actually \"shushed\" me when I asked for some. She rushed away before I could ask for a refill, and when I tried to get her attention, she held up her finger. I finally was able to ask her for a refill, but it took so long, I went to the counter to get more soda. After I returned to the table, she confronted me: \"I HEARD you ask for a refill.\" I told her I didn't appreciate her rudeness. Meanwhile, we'd probably been there 45 minutes, and my companions had not ever been asked if they wanted a refill on their coffee. With all that drama, the food is not worth it - it doesn't taste even marginally good.It seems that asking for food in a reasonable amount of time, with the condiments appropriate to the food, and a decent amount of civility is a minimum standard for restaurants. You cannot expect this if you go to The State Diner.", 1, 7], "ibOaoDhLh7SIZWz9p0tjAQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/29/2011", "We rolled into Ithaca to check out Cornell, and were quite hungry after a 4-hr drive. The diner was the only \"sure open\" choice after 11 pm on a Tuesday night. A quick drive through darkened and quiet streets brought us to the bright neon sign of the State Diner.The place was very quiet - only two patrons. What do you expect on a summer night? We picked a booth, and plopped down [with difficulty, given the relatively narrow booths with folding seats (!) and 5'8\" and 6'2\" frames we represent].  The environment is a typical \"grease spoon\", without the chrome, mirrors and rotating dessert showcases of the overdone diners. A well-used counter, where many-a-patron enjoyed a quick omelet, sandwich or a cup of coffee with a piece of pie. It's a neighborhood dive that is a reliable stand-by at any hour of the day or night.But, I guess, since the school year is out and it's pretty slow, the service was also quite slow... It took a while for the waitress to come take our order [though we did get drinks served quickly by another employee]. Eventually, when the waitress showed up, we ordered berry pancakes with eggs over-easy & bacon, and a side Caesar salad. The pancake order was huge: three BIG, plate-size pancakes, not the kind you get at IHOP. That with eggs & bacon was cooked very quickly, but then sat on the counter, waiting for the waitress to carry it to the booth. I was THISCLOSE to just getting up and taking the food myself! Caesar was a challenge - they did not have croutons! Again, the slow season... No worries, can do without croutons. But utensils and basic condiments, delivered with the food, would be nice. Slooooooow season... The pancakes were too \"flour\"y, and salad had too much dressing. Bacon, though, was cooked just right.Bottom line - this is a place to hop in when nothing else is open; when you don't care about service efficiency, and you need just reliable grub to fill your empty stomach. And that's why diners like this prosper in college towns.", 3, 0], "advzidbkMwGLzCepU-jU1w": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "6/1/2011", "I wish this place didn't exist so I wasn't suckered into going there on a night when I'm leaving The Westy or Felicia's. I've been there probably 5 or 6 times unfortunately. One time, I asked for cheese in my omelet and they forgot it. I told my server, she took it back, they slapped a piece of cheese on it and gave it back. Maybe it's just me, but half of the reason I would get an omelet is to enjoy the melty cheese inside, not the barely soft piece of cheese thrown on top. I don't like to waste food so I didn't send it back, again, but I was not pleased. I'm also not sure what is in that giant oil can they use to cook on the flat top, but eggs not disguised with cheese and veggies taste FUNKY.Don't dare order anything cooked on the flat top if you're a vegetarian like eggs, french toast, pancakes, a grilled cheese. I've sat at the counter and watched the crazy mix of meat and non-meat that occurs on that. I'm not even a vegetarian and I was a little grossed out. I honestly don't know if there is anything actually worth getting at the State. They have a great location, and based on all the positive reviews, it seems that most people just have insanely low standards. I understand that they are not promoting gourmet fare, but they are not cheap either. If you're going to charge me $2 for adding peppers to my omelet, make sure you melt the cheese first. I could probably buy 2 whole peppers for that amount of money. So if you are drunk on State street or don't care about what you're putting in your mouth, this place might not be so bad after all. On a bittersweet note, the main grill cook at night, a woman I think her name is Mary, is AWESOME. She is one badass lady and I love watching her cook. However, most of the other staff, in my experience, makes me feel super unwelcome. I know working at a 24 hour joint can be exhausting, but I'm a good tipper, so don't treat me like a dog. Just throwing food and water at me is not all I'm looking for.", 2, 3], "AjkREZgcuL9y_TRgfB3aMQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/27/2011", "I consider myself a bit of a diner aficionado (see my \"Breakfast places\" list), so I thought a break from Collegetown Bagels was in order.This iconic diner has been in business since 1934. It's ancient booths, mirrored walls and hurried staff give it an authentic vibe.We arrived around 9:20 on a Sunday morning, and it was very busy, but we got a table right away.Our server was friendly and prompt, as was the \"coffee guy\". My friend ordered the pancakes with scrambled eggs, and said the pancakes were a good vehicle for the \"table syrup\".I had a broccoli/cheddar omelet, homefries and whole wheat toast. The omelet was blah (and pretty greasy), the potatoes were good, as were the 3 slices of thin toast (although it was slathered in a little more butter than I would have liked).Next time I'll just get eggs, over easy.NB - the raspberry (see photo) and grape \"spreads\" contained a large amount of pectin and were actually difficult to spread.", 2, 6], "wl9jFPbJtRG7I2pyvIgBOQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "2/25/2011", "Basic diner fare. Served fast, served cheap, done right. I've never had a problem in the dozen or so times I've been there. Sometimes the tables aren't perfectly clean, but that doesn't bother me that much. Also, the fold-down seats at the booths are kind of awkward.", 4, 0], "YlM_1rkMq5LMDKu-niPfSQ": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "1/24/2011", "Granted, it was 11 am on a Sunday, so we had to wait. And I know this is weird to say, but the flip-down seats (in the front of the diner) were uber-uncomfortable. It's almost worth going with more than 4 people so you can sit in the regular diner seating in the back. I don't mind waiting when it's crazy-busy, but at least give me comfortable seating.The food was good. But I've had better. And since when does a Greek omelet not have spinach? We will continue our search for a good diner in Ithaca.", 2, 1], "j0Nujq4Sk8_MZ_JJ26mVkw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "12/18/2010", "This place serves its purpose. Its open 24 hours and the short order cook is always on top of her game remembering like 20 orders at once, and the food is exactly what you would expect at a diner. Its also nice that it is walkable from the bars on the commons. I like ordering just a couple of eggs over easy and some toast, so simple, yet quite tasty. That said don't expect amazing food or anything, its just classic diner food done right.", 3, 0], "BxSa-WycauM7TElBMcZamw": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "5/9/2010", "We find the State Street to have consistantly good \"diner food\" and consistanty good service. My husband and I will often go there when we want to go out to eat, as we have 2 kids under 3 and we know that the service will be fast and friendly. Unlike many other restaurants that appear \"family friendly,\" the servers at this place really seem to understand that parents with small kids want to in and out quickly. We usually get breakfast fare, like pancakes and such.", 4, 1], "JiKyNVb-x6Xy_DCAhJaz5Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "3/21/2010", "No one can review the State Diner. It's like reviewing the planet of Venus - or the institution of love - there aren't really adequate words to describe it.The State Diner is a throwback to a simpler time - and if you've been around Ithaca long enough, you probably remember that simpler time. A time without Walmart and Home Deport. A time when a cup of coffee and a slice of pie was a good enough reason to skip 8th period math class. A time when finding food at 3am while drunk was your most important mission. The State Diner is timeless, and the breakfast platter you order today will be identical to the one you got in 1987. There's something very comforting about a place that never changes, even when the rest of the world around it keeps evolving.", 4, 12], "sw9O66xmD7n7ypwPDHs66Q": ["Yelp", "The State Diner", "1/7/2010", "What a cute little diner!I was here for campus recruiting, and was recommended to this place by the desk girl at the gym I went to. I got a club burger, and loved it. I followed it up with an ice cream sundae and a rice pudding, because I had nothing to do but eat in that town.The waitress was nice, food was delicious, prices were reasonable. I had a good time, considering I was a total noob in the town. And I had no idea what else there was to do.", 4, 3]}
{"UkXTuwaTq4ziCFPUSGJu8w": ["Yelp", "The Ivy Room", "3/13/2018", "The salad bar made the recent mistake of harshly limiting the number of topping choices allowed. The salad bar has always been highly dependent on which server is currently working, and the scoops are very small.Now you may only choose one protein. This equates to about one lunchables sizes stack of ham, or 2 to 3 shrimp. This was done for the express purpose of allowing customers to add chicken breast for an additional 3.75, on top of the already expensive 7.99 or 8.99 salads.This place not longer has any value or efficiency of cost. You can find better places for a bigger cheaper salad, and every other kiosk has better options than one dinky salad.", 1, 0], "1J38yeq-ljK_w7IddlPrQQ": ["Yelp", "The Ivy Room", "6/25/2013", "This is where you can find the best take out salads in Ithaca. The salad bar has a huge number of topping choices, and you can have as many of them as you like. Here is a lesson in math/combinatorics for you: if there are x potential salad toppings, there are 2^x possible salad combinations. I am pretty sure x is greater than 30, so that means there are at least 110 million possible salads. Some of the possible toppings are really fancy like shrimp, chicken, real bacon, buffalo mozzarella, feta, blue cheese, shredded hard cheeses, several kinds of berries, stuffed grape leaves, marinated mushrooms, several kinds of nuts, grilled peppers, all sorts of beans, olives, dried fruit and vegetables. That said the salads are a bit smaller than Trillium, but the quality of the toppings here makes it in my opinion the better value.At the grill for about $5 you can get a good quality omelet and home fries anytime of the day. The fries and burgers in this station are just OK. However, the food in the Asian section is actually quite good. The Korean spicy beef wrap is tasty (although I wish it had a bit more veggies in it) and the noodle soup bar is a healthy and flavorful option. If I have my choices of the eateries on Cornell campus, the Ivy Room is where I go.", 4, 1], "l_Bv5eEW0XZqhRIqSRV_tw": ["Yelp", "The Ivy Room", "2/14/2013", "Overall good food, prices are alright, not as inflated as Trillium. Good variety, but could be more healthy. Lots of space usually for ppl to sit down without waiting too long, but with Cornell's population ever expanding, Im happy to say I will be graduating in 4 months.", 4, 1], "Kb5z9gshidoXKtZt7cT8ag": ["Yelp", "The Ivy Room", "3/26/2012", "Best place to grab food on campus. It has a wide selection and it's pretty damn good. You can always grab a place to eat too, and it's usually not too crowded. And if you're lucky, you'll see a disparaging handwritten note under one of the crests of the seven other Ivy League schools. Written out of envy, of course.", 4, 1], "t8k_RIFWlL0SrLDCzDIp5Q": ["Yelp", "The Ivy Room", "5/3/2011", "I visit the Ivy Room quite often. It's the next biggest non-dining hall campus eatery after Trillium. Options include:Build your own salads - The variety of ingredients is amazing. They have the usual stuff, plus fruits (watermelon, cantaloupe, honeydew, strawberries, blueberries, grapes), avocado, bacon, hummus, 6 kinds of cheeses, banana peppers, and more. It's the biggest selection of salad ingredients on campus, better than the Terrace in Statler. All of it tastes very fresh. Tex-Mex food - burritos, nachos, chicken empanadas, quesadillas, rice, beans. The food here will definitely fill you up. The quesadillas are huge and stuffed with cheese. You can choose the ingredients you want, including beef, chicken, refried or black beans, lettuce, salsa, rice, sour cream, and guacamole. I'm a fan of the empanadas. They're crisp and have a delicious chicken and cheese filling. Grill - hamburgers, fries, fish sandwiches, omelets. Confusion - Asian food including noodles. Pizza - fairly good! Pick your slices from the pizzas available. There's also hummus/pretzel sticks, sushi, sandwiches, soups, macaroni & cheese, chili, salads to go, and a huge selection of drinks. By the registers there are lots of baked goodies and a freezer with ice cream bars. The seating area is huge with windows with great views.", 4, 3]}
{"a08NAtSeOuVg6WWRRY8Phw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/7/2019", "I tried the spicy chili fish and the dumplings. They're both pretty good and the dish can feed two people easily. The fish here is less salty than the one at tasty pot. This is one of my go to places to order Chinese food.", 4, 0], "hXchQOvwZcxpav6DV2AC_w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/5/2019", "Went here on a whim to try something new, and I can say it was very yummy and authentic. Food was hot and cooked fresh. I've gone back many times! The only downfall is they don't understand English well, so there can be some miscommunication, and the drinks could be better. They don't have many drink options and what they do have is either warm or flat, but other than that I really recommend it!", 4, 0], "EcxKIC5UZXVI4mrpHiF60w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/3/2018", "I love this place for delivery!! The food travels amazingly and is so good!!!! I think this is the best Chinese food in Ithaca!!", 5, 0], "hg3xzEGapQIbfH0OXunagg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/13/2018", "Pretty authentic Sichuan food for a college town. Ordered spicy beef noodles, beef crepes, spicy wonton and the manager's recommendation. The food was served timely and didn't contain too much MSG :-)", 3, 0], "GTWvGjyAZCJMhcZJ6Zv3XQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "7/28/2018", "We visited there per good yelp rating and had a horrible experience: the food was not authentic as the restaurant claimed (for having Sichuan specialty). The beef noodle soup tasted good but had stuff hard to chew. The eggplant with full of grease and the shrimp was cleaned properly. I would not return nor would I recommend this place. The sever was friendly though.", 1, 0], "IQu_DmX5IsI2eQWjA9FDEw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/15/2018", "I spent $15 on spicy pork intestines with white rice and received a half-filled container of mostly jalapenos and vegetables. I also picked up my order, asked the manager where the utensils were, and was reassured by the manager that napkins and utensils were in the stapled paper bag. Lo and behold, there were no napkins and ONE spoon when I opened the paper bag. What a disappointment. Don't bother coming here. Ling Ling is MUCH better than this craphole.", 1, 0], "qv8RDd6QXkFUw7ihvZy9lQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/12/2018", "Spicy Asian is ostensibly a Sichuan restaurant, but the dishes I ordered were mostly poor approximations of the real deal. The dumplings in chili oil were bland and doughy, and the chili oil lacked any real heat or depth of flavour. The spicy Chongqing chicken was dry and flavourless, the worst of the dishes I tried. The beef stuffed scallion pancake was good, if a bit greasy. The dry-fried green beans were very heavy on the garlic and very light on any other flavour, but were still decent. Overall, not worth the drive to the far side of town, De Tasty Hot Pot in College Town has much better Sichuan-style eats.", 2, 1], "uZh8qlSUTX0AK-KvY7JxUg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/7/2018", "This place is a gem in the rough. My wife and I are from out of town and decided to try it.Wow! What a great place. I knew we were in for good food when all the other clientele wee Asians.The food was top notch and the service was very quick and friendly.Our food came out rather quickly and was hot and fresh. The ambiance was traditional oriental restaurant, very clean and nice. I recommend this place highly", 5, 0], "QvB7WywaZ2ir_SySUtweTg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/24/2018", "This place is amazing. Food is always good, service is timely and they have an extensive menu. My husband and I eat here regularly and recommend them to everyone we know. Try the scallion pancakes!", 5, 0], "6LU8Y_eXEbgPUOLE_sccdw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/6/2017", "I visited this restaurant awhile back and ordered the Ho Fun House Special with a bubble tea. The Ho fun was filling and enough for one person + leftovers for the next day. The bubble tea was fine but I probably won't order it again. The food was traditional Asian cuisine and probably as close to what you'll be able to find in the Ithaca area. Service was not great, especially when dining in alone. If I come back, I'll be ordering my food to go. Note: although the restaurant's name say \"Spicy\" not all food are made spicy.", 3, 0], "G5p_rnGL6OkddmHBLDfrOA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/4/2017", "Stopped in here for a dinner with the in-laws while passing through the city.Szechuan dishes and a Chinese meal (for the regular American Chinese food selections like Beef Broccoli). Servers popped by quickly but were scarce as the restaurant filled up quickly after we arrived at 6p.Had bok choy saut\u00e9ed with mushrooms, which was tasty (although a little much on the cooking wine). Scallion pancakes were good, interesting two crunch layers and two chewy layers with scallion between in the center. The double-cooked pork was ok, but not my thing, and the \u592b\u59bb\u80ba\u7247 had minimal tripe, was mostly slices of beef (not even sure it was lung, sadly). Zhong's dumpling was a dumpling put in spicy chili oil.... not too exciting.Spicing was ok but nothing like actual Szechuan food (ma-la and such), and for the middle of the state, it's a reasonable choice if my in-laws were satisfied.", 3, 5], "fntjNtR4pyJ4C-O3G8sbxA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/5/2017", "Great menu tons of options. Service is always very pleasant and fast. Food is fantastic. I've had everything from lamb to tofu here. Tons of flavor. Easy for everyone in a group to fine something.", 5, 0], "SPy8jxZkpC92sTa91cZ_yA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "7/19/2017", "Garlic broccoli good. General tso tofu bad. It was sweet and very oily. Should have been spicy.", 2, 0], "zgyRByk0dMHwZXFUZQ7VHw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/5/2017", "In any other city, Spicy Asian would get 3 stars. But in Ithaca, this is pretty darn good, and extremely authentic. We've gotten several different dishes here and we really like the spicy chicken (totally forgot the name) and snow pea stir fry dish with chinese bacon. The prices are fare, and service is average. But for a clean restaurant with authentic Chinese food, this place deserves 4 stars.", 4, 0], "7I8i4hvPssLjbCa6rr0cQg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/29/2017", "I visited Spicy Asian on two occasions and left both times feeling mehhh about the food. On the first visit, I ordered the sliced fish in chili oil and saut\u00e9ed snow pea sprouts. The fish dish is not authentic, neither spicy enough or cooked properly (in hot bean sauce versus in a huge pot of chili oil). The pea sprouts were delicious - super garlicky and flavorful, but were incredibly expensive for the amount that was given. On the second visit, I took my parents. I tried the sliced fish in chili oil again as well as dandan noodles, dried saut\u00e9ed string beans, and a tofu hot pot dish. The fish dish was again disappointing for the same reason. The dandan noodles and string beans were good, but the tofu in the tofu hot pot were slightly questionable. My mother thought the tofu tasted a little sour. Overall, mediocre food that is pricey for the amount given.", 3, 0], "JAgIxWC1XE0o4A_qFNeZGQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/9/2017", "Showed up at 8:30 Sunday and they are closed. The sign said open until 10:00 pm. Not he first time. They just don't care.", 1, 0], "GT0JSe_aqNNaKWBCMDUtTw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/31/2017", "Not tasteful food, not pleasing atmosphere, discrepancy between online and in store menu prices, confusing staff, underwhelming and overpriced food", 2, 0], "rzULCmWgwrDpraMta2l43A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/21/2017", "These are good appetizers for two people. Food here always taste so fresh .... There are so many new things on the menu that you can select from... every time I just try something new .", 5, 0], "i0ljTq3xonhX_rUtlQ-4aw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/23/2016", "I thought I wouldn't be able to find authentic Chinese food in Ithaca. On the pricey side though (portions are quite small compared to other Chinese restaurants in the US for the same price). Food quality varies a bit. It's usually better during the school year. I went there once around Thanksgiving, and the food was meh. Service: terrible.", 3, 1], "sF9kuhK-_E3zrwFsxcn84Q": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/1/2016", "The service is really what earned them this rating. Upon walking in they set a very awkward atmosphere. Rushed us to our table and didn't check back in for a while. Drinks were dreadfully slow to arrive and be refilled as well. The food was pretty decent! Came out quick and hot", 2, 0], "AKMtVMkJNH_IEpiaHoeB5w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/5/2016", "Passing thru Ithaca and tried this lovely restaurant - everything is perfect and authentic. You have to try this when in town!", 5, 0], "0SxhJBfJK7UYTijBfd6VoQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/22/2016", "Walking into the restaurant, we were greeted promptly by the front cashier and waitress. They both were friendly and led us to a booth by the window. We liked the decor and the colorful menus. We ordered crispy chicken wings, Hunan beef and Pepper and Salt shrimp. The crispy chicken wings were cut nicely and tasted ok. The Hunan beef had a nice sauce but wasn't spicy. The best dish was the Pepper and Salt Shrimp which was prepared spicy with Szechuan peppers.", 3, 0], "zaP42Rv76IG7-DGK_E7x6Q": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/11/2016", "Very convenient location right by my hotel and a walk distance. I haven't had spicy Chinese food for a while, decided to give a try while stay in town. It's a cozy environment, waitress set me at a booth by the big drop down window. I ordered the baby bok Choy and spicy big hot pot (dry with shrimp, lotus root, celery and pork slice). The b-Choy has garlic added, and hot pot get more shrimp flavored in with spice decorated. The downside I should've ask to remove the minced garlic, but overall food is great.Service is on point, a great place to hangout with friends even want to try real authentic Chinese.", 4, 2], "LqhloB0wrEj97eclED-6BA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/9/2016", "My favorite Asian joint in Ithaca. The dishes are always fresh and hot. Their Tofu dishes are also top-notch.", 5, 0], "Q0k7sG2JzK5U7rD8KQmfag": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/24/2016", "This is supposed to be one of the best Chinese food in town. When We came around 7:30 pm, there were two large Chinese student groups and two or three small groups, but only one waitress. When we asked for a recommendation, she couldn't recommend any dishes. The hot tea was bad, I couldn't drink it.We ordered:Sweet and sour soup: for the kid, not impressive.Dan Dan Noodle: looks very appealing, taste was actually ok, the texture is way too soft. My son said it's like when you took a bite, you directly bite into your own teeth.Cumin lamb: the lamb is pretty good. Unfortunately 2/3 of the dish is raw lattice. Only a thin layer of cumin lamb was laying on top. What Chinese dish has raw lettuce like the poorest grade of salad without dressing? Definitely not Sichuan.Chinese bacon with snow peas: nothing extraordinary, but ok.Salt and pepper squid: no taste other than being oily, but with a thick layer of raw lettuce at the bottom again!Chung King spicy chicken: this may be the best dish we ordered today. Too bad that only a dozen or so chicken pieces were spotted among the peppercorns, red peppers and garlic.Whole fish with black bean sauce: the fish is not fresh. The meat is very hard, sticking to the bone, and has no taste.Perhaps as a Chinese who can cook her own meal, and a New Yorker who is accustomed to really good Chinese restaurants, I am being a bit harsh to this restaurant. However, if you are a visitor to Ithaca, I would recommend you try out some other cuisine styles. There are other places with more authentic Chinese. If you are a Cornell student and have no other places to go, it's still ok to come occasionally. Just remember, your mom and dad can cook better meals than this.Price: We paid about $100 for four people. Considering the food quality, the price is definitely not worth it. We left with a lot of lettuce left on the plate. I tend to overstuff myself with good food. With this meal, I'm happy to report that I've met the 70% full guideline for the first time. In fact I might have eaten less than half of what I would have, (I took two bites of the rice because I really had nothing to go with it,) but I felt no desire to continue eating, not that there were much left that was worth eating.Service: I asked for a few napkins in the beginning. They finally arrived when we were finishing up, with a couple reminders throughout. Our water glasses were empty for a long time before they were filled. Somebody with a tea pot showed up (I'm guessing it may be the owner) and asked if we wanted more tea, and we asked for the check instead (meaning: way too late).I typically leave 20% tips but left only $5 this time, just because it was too big of a let down.", 2, 2], "DXblPpGGemYgH62tauMf2Q": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/19/2016", "We love the lunch buffet. It's a great meal at a great price. The owner always stops by to say hi", 5, 1], "m-0J-zu9AIZeRtZKKK_JPg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/8/2016", "I always get the Dragon and Phoenix dish. It's quality spicy Asian food if you're into it", 4, 0], "PRAT73vjbx4T_Wic3CnAew": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/28/2016", "Whenever someone asks me where to go for great food, I always suggest they consult with Yelp based on where they are at any given moment and then parse the reviews. This is how we found Spicy Asian... once we arrived we checked Yelper's for menu suggestions, which worked out great! We read the tips and ordered from the Szechuan menu. Which was superb! We split a dish, shared some spring rolls and sipped the excellent tea. Quite a bargain! The next time we're in the area, we will definitely come back!", 4, 2], "vNvkKFtXyFCmeKxxnLTUVQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/24/2016", "The inside is spacious and a good option for big parties. A lot of Chinese people would come to this place for its delicious and authentic Chinese food. Food comes in large portions. Most of them are spicy and tastes great.", 4, 0], "B-RdY3Lpyd5L1Ke78yb_1Q": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/22/2016", "I've been back many times and can't stand by my original assessment. Spicy Asian is a nice place to eat. Some of the dishes aren't as good as others if you don't like what you got, try again later with a different dish. The Kung Pow Tofu is seriously amazing, but be warned, it's 50% dried chili peppers.", 4, 1], "mpK2iCGle2V4N44-zzSVlA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/8/2016", "Great food, especially on the Szechuan side on the menu. One of the best Asian places in town - in a town with a lot of Asian food.Very ethinic. You'll want to order different dishes to round-out a meal. So go with friends and order several dishes. Lunch menu is more \"American style\", though the dinner menu is always available.Many local/student asians dine here. Sometimes crazy-busy in evening. Go early.Personal favs: sliced fish and sour cabbage, cumin beef/lamb/pork, hot pots, kung po Szechuan", 5, 0], "Htdqo2jCNsnkE3M2c7y4GQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/26/2015", "On a Christmas afternoon when all the shops and eateries were closed, spicy Asian was our savior. Authentic Chinese food served with decent hot sauces, really found a gem. Decent seating and servicing, amazingly soft tofu and rice. Every piece of this place screams authenticity. A good place and a Merry Christmas.", 4, 0], "z5Z6rbycUFwTzQvzdy6k9Q": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/27/2015", "Solid Chinese restaurant - can rival many of the Chinese places in Chinatown or Flushing NY. The garlic shrimp is excellent - rarely can you find a place that gives you shrimp larger than your pinky tip. Will definitely eat here again on my next trip back to Ithaca.", 4, 0], "phDq23qTC9efBf93Lo30Gw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/20/2015", "For food, I'd give them 4 stars. Great flavor, good portion size, plenty of vegetarian options - like general tso tofu (yum!), vegetable dumplings, vegetable ho fun, fried rice, etc. Pricing is in line with other local Asian restaurants. The issue I have is with the in-store experience. Twice we've eaten in, and unfortunately, table service was slow and inattentive on both occasions. Servers are just sort of indifferent, bordering on grumpy. The booths are nice, but they haven't consistently replaced the bulbs in their light fixtures, so some are super bright which makes eating under them unappealing. On the plus side, the tables are set with stainless steel chopsticks. Take out is always good, so we'll keep ordering; just think we'll skip eating there in the future.Note: Closed on Mondays", 3, 0], "wV5Dc4YBz6L3XDPwlWppFA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/28/2015", "I just ordered delivery from here and I want to mention that they really upped their game when it comes to Americanized Chinese food. The traditional stuff like the dumplings are still as amazing as ever (seriously I never get food from here and pass on the dumplings) and the wonton soup was great too! But I was really craving general tso's chicken so I decided to give their Americanized cuisine another shot! I'm glad I did. The general tsos chicken was sticky and sweet and spicy and all the great things it should be and the fried rice was perfectly seasoned and had big pieces of chicken in it. Good job!!!!!", 4, 0], "3GnzYtFWU2njHB13MNZPfg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/12/2015", "While the food was actually pretty good, we waited around an hour for food to come out. I understand Saturday nights can be busy but why have so many tables if you can't handle them. Water refilling, another good checkpoint to evaluate service was also scarce. If your in a rush, don't come here but if you want to wait, there food is actually one of the better Asian cuisine places in town.", 2, 4], "ewWXhPXXaU5YOxUNnkIyuQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/12/2015", "I want to preface that I hate writing bad reviews for places but I just want to share my experience. I stopped by Spicy Asian after getting a massage. I wanted some comforting, maybe some hot soup and ice. I stopped by here on a Friday night at around 8:00. We were seated fairly quickly but in the back corner of the restaurant. The table had been wiped down but it was still visibly dirty with food scraps all over. I held my breath and looked at the menu waiting to order. My friend and I sat for a good 15 min and nobody even came over to get us water. Finally a waitress came by and asked if we wanted something to drink --to which we responded some hot water. She never came back with the water. My friend finally went up to the front desk to place an order for food and even then it took 10 min for her to order. She came back and we sat for another 20 min (still no water). Another waitress was serving the table next to us and we finally said something. My friend said we had placed an order up front and wanted to see if the food would come out soon. She said something like everything was slow today because it's busy. I snapped and said but we don't even have water. It's rare that I'll snap like that but I was not at all pleased with her attitude. She didn't say much about what I said said again it's a busy night. I told her we are leaving and that's exactly what we did. 10 minutes later we were being served at a Thai food restaurant about a mile away.I'm really upset my experience at Spicy Asian was so bad. I hear they have good food and it is unfortunate that I will not be able to ever try it. I hope they change their business plan and adjust their customer service quickly.", 1, 3], "K6N38j1tu9FjI1IYxLz8KA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/9/2015", "Had the corned egg and zhong's dumplings as appetizers, both were very good. The MA po tofu was excellent as well. Buddy had Kim chi and tempura vegetables, both of which were good but nothing spectacular. Also had the Kung po tofu which was excellent as well. Setting isn't anything fancy and the service was ok.", 4, 0], "xy2CV11o4_VlJukCUftFQA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/9/2015", "Great place, not even \"great for Ithaca\" but truly great. Many times when you go to a restaurant in Ithaca, you have to remember you are in the middle of nowhere so you should lower your standards and expectations. Not the case with Spicy Asian. Stand up place, great flavors, always fresh. Love the decor of the restaurant. Wish I discovered this place sooner, as I only had a few months left in Ithaca when I stumbled across it. Highly recommended.I grew up in Southern California and specifically in the San Gabriel area, which is home to the second largest Asian population in the world, outside of Asia itself. I know Asian food.", 5, 0], "RXR41pXf9dr7WDFhsBVzGQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/2/2015", "Just besides our hotel, so convenient. We ordered home style tofu, spicy squid and spicy fried chicken, all of these are delicious. will absolutely come again.", 5, 0], "lqu-kvvvD1wenxEkbxGm9w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/13/2015", "We were visiting cornell university and this place was close to our hotel thus we went.The food was ok but barely there was no service besides delivering the food. No water refill and we had to ask for anything we want. Like a spoon for my daughter.The most crazy thing was that after we paid the bill. The bill included 15% tip already. Even though we didn't like the service, we decided to be nice and pay the 15% tip. Then the lady accused me of taking one of their rice bowl. The bowl was really small. I didn't know who would make use of it. This was not the point. I told her I didn't take it. But the lady looked at me untrusted. I felt really offended. I didn't feel this was the proper way to treat a customer.Felt really dissappointed with this place and the lady (looks like the owner?)", 1, 2], "F1kNxCT3RHUwmm1ioO_xCQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/2/2015", "I have been coming to ithaca .y whole life every summer and a few years ago I found this restaurant and loved it. The pad thai was amazing... however today I went and the pad thai was very unfortunate... and when I asked the waitress what was wrong with it and why it had changed color and taste and was no longer what I remembered she responded very rudely with \"no its the same\" and she thought I was crazy. Very Very very bad customer service. Don't fight with your customers. RUDE!!!!!", 1, 1], "-8VxWoVJHf7KtkAWNCLbsA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "7/7/2015", "Best authentic Chinese food in town!!! The portion is generous and the taste is so good! Don't miss it!", 5, 0], "JYxh4dgY47XDysw5_0gI5A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/24/2015", "I ordered kung pao shrimp, the picture looks very nice, however, it tastes sweet! Not spicy at all but sweet shrimp! Also I ordered toufu bao(\u8c46\u8150\u7172\uff09, 2 tofu at top and all cabbages below, with some mashroom, y good just 2 piece of tofu. I fully reviewed all images and ratings before coming here with friends, we are all very disappointed.We also ordered \u6c34\u716e\u9c7c( water boiled fish), \u9f13\u6c41\u6392\u9aa8\uff0cthey taste very different, the fish taste a bit sweet too, not spicy at all, and the ribs just terrible.The service is pretty bad as well. Highly not recommended if u just visit here and stop by, if u are in university here, probably u do not have a choice for better chinese restaurant.", 1, 3], "IALTRZN1r_0Y7Eq8QYIWrw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/9/2015", "I am delighted to report that an earlier disappointment at Spicy Asian was apparently an anomaly. I've been back a couple times since, and the food has been excellent! I am apparently addicted to the cumin lamb, and the eggplant and long bean dishes were also delicious. It's great to have a casual go-to place for good Chinese!", 5, 0], "2qAFwAAPnhpb7JgajBEf0g": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/7/2015", "We love the Szechuan Cumin and kung Pao dishes. The taste great and have a good kick. If you like spicy food, these are amazing. If you don't eat spicy, order something else. Everything I have eaten here is good.", 5, 0], "Fz2jVvd0ozghx1DdG0OH9g": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/6/2015", "A great place for authentic Asian cuisine. The food is not only delicious but has that unique taste that indicates just how rare it is to find such high quality food.", 5, 0], "sUTyvMwM9-6oMgrQ6OczlA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/13/2015", "My favorite Chinese restaurant in Ithaca and only place to quench my Szechuan food craving in Ithaca. Both Delivery and Dine-In are great options for this restaurant.I always get Zhong dumplings and sliced fish in chili sauce. I've also tried handful of dishes on the menu and I would also recommend the hot pot items and mapo tofu. It's a good place to go with for medium sized parties so that you can share and try lots of items.Service is usually decent and food comes out at their appropriate speeds. The restaurant decor looks like it's a Chinese restaurant but everything's clean and doesn't look old or run down. I would definitely not give this restaurant 5 stars but because it's Ithaca, I give it 5. And you can't get decent Szechuan food anywhere else in Ithaca.", 5, 3], "5Yn5FOvtGR6RNpvJI3geSg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/2/2015", "Hands down the best Chinese food in Ithaca", 5, 0], "ApM9DOsFN4E2zD-MnTDNlg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/23/2015", "Ordered Delivery from here through IthacaToGo. Food arrived 15 minutes sooner than expected. Crispy Salt Chicken and Zhong Dumplings were excellent and still warm despite the very cold temps outside right now. Chicken was on a bed of lettuce with very thinly sliced green chilies. The top of the takeout container had many holes punched in it so that the chicken didn't steam and get soggy on the way here. Well played! I thought IthacaToGo's delivery charge was high (4.69) but if you want someone else to bring you food in the middle of winter you have to pay the piper.", 5, 1], "NmvOYBpkr-LHd9H4t5XrCQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/12/2015", "Yet Another Update: Spicy Asian seem to be back on track -- delicious cumin lamb (not gristly, spicy but flavorful) and dried green beans (cooked perfectly and great garlic flavor) last night.", 4, 0], "6j_o_LOvShc1OaXr2DzW4g": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/26/2014", "The food was decent but the service was horrible. We came in at 4p and wanted to sit at a certain table and was told that we couldn't because they were reserving the table for larger parties. They had seating for 60 and had about 8 customers. Tell me why again, that I can't sit there? The waitress was snippy. All in all, I would never return.", 2, 1], "F-Mj9k24uodOTAqD1itnmA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/18/2014", "Anything off the Szechuan menu is the bomb. I endorse all of Matt H.'s recommendations and will also add that while the table service can be hit or miss if the restaurant is very busy, they are very consistent with preparing food for delivery incredibly quickly through Ithaca To Go (usually you get your food within ~30 mins).", 5, 2], "tvT2F1WbNjMEhOrZe9g1dA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/18/2014", "They messed up my order and gave me lo mein instead of rice. The food itself honestly wasnt really that good and i wish I had ordered from somewhere else. It tastes like cheap mall Chinese food and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone looking to get semi good quality food. For the price, it definitely isn't worth it and I'd recommend somewhere else.", 2, 0], "fO0ITDT_KyfLpgm-J8e46A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/21/2014", "I've been to many sichuan restaurants before and this place is by far the worst. The first two experiences here were decent. The third time, I ordered the fish in chili oil (shui zhu yu) and it tasted like buffalo sauce. That's something I'd expect for chicken wings but not sichuan cuisine. We told the waitress and she insisted that's how they've always made the dish. That's not even the worst part... we found a little stone in the dish and they insisted that it was peppercorn. Peppercorn is supposed to be black and the stone was white... my only regret was not taking a picture before showing them as they were pretty quick to get rid of the evidence. Never again. Worst experience everrrr!!", 1, 1], "yFjzTP5vCh33ttlZ3nBNCA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/12/2014", "Great sichuan style dishes, more authentic than other American Chinese restaurants. The kung pao ji ding and spicy stir-fried qing jiang vegetables are pretty good. Yep.", 4, 1], "kSbbZrCebhJK9L46cyuU0A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/21/2014", "Been going here regularly since it opened and I must say this is the best Chinese food in Ithaca. Try the Phoenix & dragon or the salt & pepper fish. Everything we have tried is great", 5, 0], "JjYUHKBb38AxXccO6i0QHw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "7/26/2014", "The best Chinese food in Ithaca. I am a Chinese, since I found this one, I don't have to go out of town to get home tastes.", 5, 1], "slSx3jLLIUhjLturI2G5PA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/7/2014", "Outstanding. Yes, it is spicy, but the favors are complex and really quite beautiful (I had the kung po tofu, hot and sour soup, and veggie tempura). The places in Collegetown have nothing on this. Elegant, adventurous, thoughtful. Recommended highly.", 5, 0], "VFUS6bn8tcP_hHSvVvIMOg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/9/2014", "Food is relatively authentic compared to all other chinese restaurants in the town. Each portion is small compared to the price they are charging. Service was just ok.", 3, 2], "xnMubHzmT8MYggHX5zO2LA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/1/2014", "Disclaimer: I love spicy food. The kung pao chicken from this place was off the charts hot and I have to say after a week of non ethnic food while traveling it was a great change. Also the dumplings were meaty and tasty, and the stir fried bok Choi was really well done. I was pleasantly surprised and have to say that I absolutely loved this place!", 5, 1], "AwclqAW-wbWT5HsgQ-uH5w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/31/2014", "So I underestimated how spicy the food was that this place serves.In Ithaca there are a lot of places that claim to have wicked spicy food, but fail in that department, even when visiting any of the Thai places and ordering 5 spicy.This place though. The Kung Pao Chicken is quite possibly the hottest thing I have ever eaten in my life. There was so much spice I tasted nothing else.There were more peppers in the dish than chicken!I loved it though! It was great! Finally somewhere that actually lives up to their name and reputation! Would definitely order something a bit less spicy next time though haha.Other than that their regular dishes were pretty good. We got dumplings, lo mein and fried rice and it was good, not the best but good enough to keep me coming back.So go and try them out, it's one of the better chinese take out places in Ithaca.On a side note they have a good amount of seating inside to sit and enjoy your dinner.", 4, 1], "OfSzwmPCTpGB91p0ZPVxLA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/2/2014", "Some of the food at Spicy Asian is amazing. I really enjoy most of the Szechuan dishes -- best spicy asian food you can find in Ithaca.Unfortunately (1) the service has been poor every time I have gone, and (2) every entree item on the menu is overpriced.That being said, I will continue to order from here regularly while I'm in Ithaca. The food is good.", 3, 1], "zZ_GCO7ZGyYpFf502QvzhA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/1/2014", "As a person who has stayed in Houston for years, I have to say that I'm really disappointed by the quality of Chinese food here. What can I say? Small portion of food, overpriced, unstable quality. I wanted to give it a 2 but since no other Chinese restaurant in town is doing a better job, I'm giving a rate of 3", 3, 0], "ahEe0HVoCrLYfYbALDacQA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/23/2013", "Certainly among the better Chinese options in Ithaca.The place is very spacious, so it'd be good choice for bigger parties. Lots of groups come here for lunch/dinner, not just because of the space but because they have lots of good options. Service is really efficient and friendly too.The dishes are meant for family style, but I came out here on my own so I couldn't really just order a bunch of dishes for a variety. I got the mapo tofu - something I usually get when I can't really decide what else to get. It was among one of the spicier versions I've ever had of it, which isn't necessarily bad but a little more than I can handle. For one person the dish will be more than enough, and I had enough to use for a second meal at home that night.Avoid the milk tea here though. It's just like any other milk tea in Ithaca - terrible. But you shouldn't be going to a Chinese restaurant specifically to get milk tea anyway (which is weird because I actually saw a few people come in and order just a milk tea to go). Come here for what you should be enjoying - a rare decent Chinese restaurant in upstate New York.", 4, 3], "rNCFhMCP9mO5Q2pfTHqntg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/17/2013", "First, the food is good. However, the service, especially when it comes to take out, sucks. Every time I have ordered from them they don't include the sauce that the menu says comes with the dish and the last time I ordered they didn't even give me soy sauce or chopsticks. They are also vague about ingredients which, as someone who doesn't eat beef or pork, is extremely annoying. I ordered a shrimp dish that no where mentioned having meat in it and was in the shrimp section and it had ground pork. This is ithaca, you can't put surprise meat in food. Overall, they need to get their act together take out wise. Oh, and the last time I even reminded them to give me the sauce for my gyoza and when it was delivered, no sauce, again.", 2, 3], "KHsHl1y3MLxYs0zE9Kb_eg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/11/2013", "Spicy Asian has been making a lot of changes in their menu. They no longer offer the Japanese menu and they are making more changes to what they do offer. This probably a good thing. I thought they had too much on the menu to begin with. It is hard to do a lot of things well. I got a copy of the new menu and it looks like most the dishes that have been praised in the reviews will be staying.During my most recent visit we ordered three dishes and shared them, family style, the way you are supposed to. My friend doesn't like spicy or too weird but there are so many things on the menu that I haven't tried, that wasn't a problem. We ordered the Angelica Lamb Soup, the Sauteed Baby Bok Choy, and the Crispy Chicken w. House Special SauceOne order of Angelica Lamb Soup is enough for four people. It is chunks of lamb with sliced angelica root in a savory broth. The lamb has skin and bits of bones. It seems to be a belly or rib cut. The Angelica root is pale and tastes a little like bitter carrot. Angelica is a medicinal plant and tastes bitter. If you don't like bitter herbs don't try this. But lots of people do like bitter herbs.Bok choy is also a little bitter. The sauteed bok choy had lots of sliced garlic and a mild savory sauce. Even with the large quantities of garlic it was not too spicy for my friend. The Crispy Chicken came with a sweet vinegar sauce that was a nice complement to the bitter herbs. The chicken was lightly dusted with cornstarch or flour and fried until crispy, and the sauce was light and tangy. It came with a side of rice for each of us. I don't order sweet and sour chicken at restaurants because the batter is usually too thick and greasy and the sauce is corn syrup and food coloring. But this Crispy Chicken was what sweet and sour chicken should taste like. We also had milk tea with tapioca pearls. My friend had peach flavored and I had green apple. I'm trying to taste every milk flavor they have. And I'm delighted with the options of tapioca pearls, fruit jelly, or flavored popping boba.", 5, 1], "cMQkC6vGziNlL6I6W-tTbg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/22/2013", "We came here for the first time last week and appreciated the more authentic Chinese cuisine. Following Yelp advice, we had the cumin lamb (unlike any Chinese food I have ever had - loved it, very good, very spicy) and the eggplant with meat hot pot (nothing special). The rice servings were very small, which originally seemed a nice way to feature the main dishes, but in the end we were wishing for more rice to balance the spicy meat. Agree with others that the service was lacking - we ordered hot tea but then realized we really needed some water to cut down the heat. Could not get any server's attention. Eventually one passed by with water, but when she saw we had only tea cups, she turned away - we encouraged her to pour anyway. We never got water glasses but did get a water refill in the tea cups. Very strange to be drinking water from a tea cup still warmed by tea, but it was necessary!", 3, 4], "EiUK0Zbhi_4ryXHjFrKijw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/5/2013", "It is a great place to eat delicious authentic Chinese food. Spicy boiled fish, cumin lamb and tofu hot pot which we ordered all taste so good. It did get a little too spicy and heavy on oil, and my stomach didn't feel that well the day after. The mango bubble tea was a bit too sweet but the other flavors were all great. The service was pretty good. And the price is okay for dinner.", 5, 3], "0xxGjKwZXn4MpY0k7gplJw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/28/2013", "Been here twice. Food has been excellent but the service has been pretty bad. We're given a minute to order and when we weren't ready, we waited 15 more before we waitress' attention. Then we asked for 3 waters after that and never got them until asking again 10 mins after that.", 3, 2], "FyLwFu2_OkC0Bu6FlgV7cw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "9/11/2013", "salty & greasy, over priced. I am Chinese and I know how real good Chinese food should taste like. I love Szechuan food and I know spicy food are supposed to be a bit salty to spice up the flavor. But this is is wayyyyy too salty, so salty that I kept drinking water all the time. We order 4 or 5 dishes. All are very salty except that there is a lamb dish that's not bad, otherwise I would give a 1 star.BTW, if you are concerned about your health, don't go there too often. Eating too much sodium is bad for your health.", 2, 2], "gtri2-OH-ICsmPw3vdfSTw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/31/2013", "After reading reviews, I finally decided to try this place. Glad I did! Loved it. Our dishes were spicy, but definitely delicious authentic Chinese food. We did takeout which was quick, but the table service looked slow. Try it!", 5, 1], "c3Ub2zNrw9H9lFUiW1s1ww": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/30/2013", "The staf doesn't speak English . I ordered a boba tea and all I got was tea. The boba tea is awful", 1, 1], "VvNkYgklv5C_75qYXtqWsQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/23/2013", "EDIT: I've now included more good dishes - and added a more refined spiceyness scale. Stop ordering Boba and General Tso's, Sweet & Sour, or Orange flavored anything here. They don't do good Americanized Chinese food. Try these dishes instead! Favorite Appetizers:1.** Zhang Dou Dumplings - (meat dumplings in chili oil)2. Scallion pancake - (w. great dipping sauce)Favorite Meat Dishes:1.**Kung Po Chicken Szechuan style - (best I've ever had)2.*Cumin Lamb - (classic Szechuan dish)3.**Spicy Double cooked pork - (fatty pork w. chili & leek)4. Jumbo Shrimp w. Black Bean Sauce - (sweet/savory, can sub. meat/tofu for shrimp)5.** Mongolian Beef or chicken - (not Szechuan but tasty)Favorite Veggie Dishes: 1.**Shredded Potatoes w. Sour Spicy Sauce - (unusual)2. Saut\u00e9ed Snow Pea Sprout w. Garlic - (sauteed greens)3.* Dried Sauteed String Bean - (for the garlic lovers)4. Stir Fried Chinese Baby Broccoli - (broccoli-ish greens)5.** Kung Po Tofu Szechuan style - (vegan Kung Po!)6.* Eggplant with Szechuan flavor - (sweet eggplant dish)* = mildly spicy (has a little kick, but pretty mild)** = quite spicy (at least a 3 on a 0-5 scale at an Ithaca Thai Restaurant)Warning: there are some dishes that are deceptively named things like \"Szechuan Flavored Chicken.\" These are surprisingly not Szechuan dishes. If it's not on the last few pages of the Szechuan style menu, don't order it. I've been here several times since my initial review and have bad experiences with the Americanized dishes.One minor complaint: their potion size for a side of white rice is ridiculously small (Edit: the serving is a bit bigger now). A lot of people in these reviews complain about portion size. The portions for main dishes are actually normal, but since you get so little rice with your meal, many will leave hungry if they only order 1 dish per person. Rice is so cheap; for a mere nickle per customer they could greatly increase satisfaction by doubling their rice portion.", 5, 8], "nQdBwkClJC_IdBSasxAxzg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/19/2013", "I've tried several Chinese restaurants in Ithaca, and this one was the best by far if you're looking for something more authentic. The eggplant is delicious, and they'll accommodate requests if they can. (It helps if you can ask in Chinese.) Reasonably priced and a fairly wide variety of Sichuan and other types of dishes.", 5, 2], "-_XEu7a8LXXqUIJ8yA8gVg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/18/2013", "We tried four dishes at this restaurant last night: a braised chili fish Szechuan style, clay pot beef, spinach fried with garlic, and fried rice (sorry, I really should enter the names in Chinese to be more accurate, but this would not be useful for a lot of people).All were really good, completely authentic (as in not the usual Americanized Chinese food). This is probably your best bet for real Chinese food in Ithaca, if you are from Asia.", 5, 1], "ajQX-kpGYBr4bcO2P2Zz2g": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "8/6/2013", "I was not impressed during my first visit to Spicy Asian. I'm surprised it has a \"4\" rating on Yelp because the food had little spice or flavor. I had the Szechuan chicken and the sauce was mediocre and despite labeled with a chili pepper was not hot at all. The spring rolls and the egg rolls were not tasty. Someone in my party ordered the steamed potstickers and those and its sauce were well prepared and tasty. The orange chicken was more deepfried breading than chicken and the sauce had a slight orangy taste but didn't blow me away. The service was good and there is plenty of seating and the ambiance is decent. They don't sell wine or beer.", 2, 1], "4WcqR6kCBr7eZHnbqMcAiw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "7/8/2013", "\"It is now named Asian cuisine. I ordered egg roll, wonton soup, sweet sour chicken and chicken fried rice. Cost 28.00 w/out tip. Very little sweet sour sauce, No vegetable with this dish. The server was very busy though few customers were in the restaurant with another server helping out. In any case it may have been an off day for them.", 2, 2], "2dy7q95vfwiNhA6GwFBksg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/17/2013", "A family-run place, extremely clean. We took other patrons' advice and only ordered from the Szechuan part of the menu. We had the twice cooked pork, eggplant Ma Po, and zhong dumplings.I loved the zhong dumplings! They are stuffed with a yummy meat filling and came in a spicy chili oil sauce.The twice cook pork was good, but too salty. I'd be willing to give it another try. Maybe the cook just made an error and hit the entree with double the usual amount of soy sauce or something. I enjoyed the eggplant as well. Even though it was marked on the menu as \"spicy,\" it's a mild, subtly flavored dish I'd never had before. A bit liquid-y with bits of meat in addition to chunks of eggplant. Almost looked like soup, but since it was my first time trying it I don't know if that's the way it is supposed to be.Our waiter was a polite and helpful young man who was eager to answer questions. He understood our English well, and I think his English skills are okay but he had a little trouble explaining finer points about the food in English. Yes, one of our entrees arrived five minutes before the other, and we had to ask for a new set of plates after we finished gobbling down the dumplings, but no big deal.The other patrons were mostly Asian families--which when choosing to dine at a Chinese restaurant, I personally take as a good sign.I'll most definitely go back and try other items on the menu.", 4, 2], "nOI5B_GaS6K_y--DLJDfrA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/9/2013", "Best option for REAL Chinese food in Ithaca. If you are looking for American-Chinese, there are probably better options elsewhere...but who's really checking Yelp for the best American-Chinese food, right? So when you go, just flip right to the last two pages of the menu, where they got the Szechuan dishes. It's true that the dishes will come out at different times as has been previously commented, so it works best if you order Chinese family style - that is, order a few dishes for the whole table to share. Food-wise, everything I've had so far is good. For Ithaca, it's the best authentic Chinese food. For elsewhere, it's pretty average. Which is to say, everything tastes good, maybe more oil than I would prefer, but not really knocking anything out of the park. My favorites are the eggplant hot pot and the steamed fish. Some of the spicy dishes are really quite spicy, so be prepared for a good sweat. Service is very friendly. That said, if you are trying to ask for any alterations to the dish, you may need to be patient explaining what you want, unless you speak Chinese.", 3, 5], "StGIjTnPRYLBi6iVM_iFAw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/9/2013", "There is nothing remarkable about the food here***. The price is high and all the sauces seem to have the same texture even if they are a different \"flavor.\" The other day my party ordered general tofu, general chicken, sesame chicken, and beef & broccolli. I tried all four dishes and as I mentioned, nothing remarkable. Granted, the fact that they have a whole restaurant you can sit in with tablet service is nice. But for straight up americanized chinese food I don't think I'll return here again. My dish came well before my friend's food, which was a bit annoying. By the time their food came mine had cooled down. Mine was the beef and broccoli and it was rather unremarkable. The portion size however, was good. My rice was fine. The service was great (it's not her fault the kitchen sent out my dish ahead of the others).*** I will say that I did not try the szechuan style dishes as other reviewers have mentioned as being great, but, if the waitress had mentioned it to me (the fact that it was their specialty) or even given me some szechuan specials to choose from I probably would have tried the them and been much happier. So would the rest of my party- we are adventurous eaters and not afraid to try new things. I simply don't see how they are going to stay in business if the popular dishes are mediocre and the stuff that really is good they don't try to highlight/mention.", 2, 5], "Plke_l1fl8_SGJzqOqE0XA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/6/2013", "Spicy Asian really impressed me with its Szechuan-style food. To the best of my knowledge, no other restaurant in town serves this style of food. Its not my favorite asian food in town, but its very unique and very tasty. Service was also very good, the decor is nice, and portions are reasonably sized. However, I did have a few issues with the restaurant. The Menu is pretty dense and prices are a bit higher than expected for the type of food and location. Despite these minor issues, the quality of the food makes it highly recommended in my book.", 4, 4], "nKWZ7WTIaw16Alj5ylhyiQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "6/5/2013", "Great Szechuan.Reasonable prices.Much better than the average Chinese take-out spot.Worth the extra 1/2 mile drive.", 5, 0], "sSUGeuHWpVoXFdlY1aDA9A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/25/2013", "I was really surprise how good this place was. I would recommend ordering for the Szechuan Style menu although the food might be on the spicier side. I really enjoy the zhong dumplings and steamed fish with ginger and scallions.", 5, 2], "qK-qMtQM3qRWYhxiShtVGA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/24/2013", "Alright well it took me 4 years to finally try this place but I finally did, and boy am I glad for that. Coming from a Chinese person, this is hands down the best Chinese (Szechuan) food I have had in Ithaca by a landslide! Prices are very reasonable as well.We had cumin lamb, white cabbage spicy fried rice and a spicy pork/vege dish and everything was cooked perfectly. The lamb was actually crispy in some regards which and had curry powder which gave it a unique spicy taste. The white cabbage spicy fried rice was spicier than expected but some may like that more. Finally the pork vege dish was our favorite as the pork was tender and melted in your mouth.Overall, this is highly recommended, it is not like the greasy fake Chinese places that are abundant in Ithaca.", 5, 9], "mcksYn1Zaa4tmp7BnlOnQw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "5/12/2013", "We order take out from Spicy Asian at least once a week. It's hands-down the best Chinese food in Ithaca, especially if you're partial to Sichuan cuisine. Our favorites are: Shredded Pork in Garlic Sauce, Kung Pao Chicken, Cumin Lamb, Mapo Tofu, and Sichuan-Style Eggplant. The price is very reasonable too!", 5, 5], "HPW9xwmAMLedDDD1z52FzA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "4/20/2013", "genral so was gud but forgetible. hot n sower soop was very watery and left much 2 be desired, but maybe that wuz juss my batch. name sugessted spicyness but that was no da case. receeved 0 of the 1 anticapated fortune cookees i hoped to receeeve.", 2, 2], "bGJaHJqDrRICDcSAM2GWbQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/26/2013", "Great Chinese in Ithaca. Too bad this place wasn't here when I was a student here. We had dumplings (standard fare) but the cumin lamb and double cooked pork were both spicy, crisp and delicious.", 4, 3], "HF4qCBeh7fNPwg2F__Viow": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/18/2013", "Dishes of Note on the Sichuan MenuPeashoots (called PeaSprouts on the menu I think)Dry Green Beans Spicy Double Cooked PorkKung Pao Chicken Sichuan Style (Completely different from normal Kung Pao)Cumin LambMongolian Beef (Yah kinda good despite not being Sichuan at all)But please please please Spicy Asian, hire more servers for dinner!", 5, 4], "bHAcXKLvkJeaBh1q4Hl9lg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "3/2/2013", "Spicy Asian has the best real Chinese food in Ithaca. They specialize in Sichuan-style food, which is spicy and fresh. They have many authentic items that are not sold by your run-of-the-mill \"takeout\" Chinese places. That being said, they also have a menu of Americanized food (ironically called \"Chinese food,\" to distinguish from the more authentic \"Sichuan Style\" menu). Twice cooked pork, eggplant sichuan style, salt and pepper squid, rice cake noodle, zhong jiaozi (dumpling), beef tripe hot pepper sauce (a cold dish commonly eaten as an appetizer in China) are all great choices. Great addition to the Ithaca food scene. Generous portions as well.", 5, 7], "TmjJdlDqJo80czY3vBSpmA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/24/2013", "This is the only Szechuan restaurant at Ithaca and luckily it is a good one. They have some special spicy Chinese dishes which cannot be found at any other place nearby. Before I had to go to NYC when I miss these authentic dishes. Now it is only 10 mins away :D", 4, 5], "pI3icHhDCd1--P-ld0wpBw": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "2/12/2013", "This is the only good Chinese food in Ithaca. Please go and support, otherwise we will lose even this!I had a seafood hotpot, which was delicious. The fish cake was delicious.I like the peanuts at the beginning of the meal.The eggplant was good; somewhat oversauced but not as bad as the Chinese places elsewhere in Ithaca.I didn't try the Szechuan specialties. I don't personally like it that spicy.", 5, 6], "mytYfeMSlpak86YRUaGp_w": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/12/2013", "This place has the best Chinese food in Ithaca by far...", 5, 1], "oAjrLSezu77LGmeb1zwV7g": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "1/4/2013", "Spicy Asian is good if you want standard take-out, but can't decide what kind of Asian food you want. We stopped there for take-out because it was the only place open past 9pm on New Year's Day. I had pad thai; it was good enough for it to be called pad thai, but a little weak. My friend got sesame chicken, which was pretty standard take-out sesame chicken. I'd get take-out from here again, but the food wasn't good enough that I'd want a sit-down meal. With that being said, the restaurant decor would have been very nice for a sit-down meal.", 3, 1], "otNaBdXv5aFw1YkCSPRxxQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/31/2012", "Awesome as always, though like another reviewer stated not quite as good as Han Dynasty in/outside of Philly. Highly recommend the Cumin Lamb and Beef with Chili Sauce. Had saut\u00e9ed pea shoots, they were so-so.#1 recommendation? Do not wear any light-colored clothing, as the red sauces will likely stain them.", 4, 4], "9ujaWyb0SI1SnXnczpW_oA": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "12/30/2012", "spicy asian is the best real chinese food in ithaca, hands down.I really don't understand what went on the 1 star reviewer's mind. this is not a place you come to order lo mein or pad thai. this is a Szechuan chinese food restaurant... if you are into general tso's chicken, this place is not for you.", 5, 18], "T700NQo8qc5_9x2z3bW9aQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/30/2012", "First of all, don't be put off by a generic name like Spicy Asian.I used to live in southern CA where great Chinese food is plentiful. Honestly, this place is actually pretty good for Chinese food, and probably the best Chinese restaurant in Ithaca. If you are looking for real Szechuan Chinese food (not the typical Americanized dishes like General Tso's Chicken and Orange Chicken) then you should try this place.The Food:- The Cumin Lamb was amazing. One of the best I've had. I don't usually order lamb because when it's not prepared well, lamb can have a very strong odor. However, the lamb here didn't have the strong odor. It was thinly sliced, has great juicy texture, and really well flavored. - Sliced fish with sour cabbage. I thought this one was a bit too salty and greasy for my taste but the fish was pretty good. I guess typical Szechuan dishes tend to be a bit salty and greasy. Anyways, next time, I might try the steamed fish instead.- Bean Curd Home Style. This dish is listed in the Hot Pot section but I think it's a bit of a misnomer. The category is not really hot pot, but more like dishes cooked in a clay pot. Anyways, this dish came with veggies and meat. Overall, it's pretty good. It's not spicy so it's a good balance if you are ordering a lot of other spicy dishes.- Tea - I really liked their hot tea here. My Chinese friend said that it's a pretty common black tea that you have at the end of the meal. I thought it tasted a bit different from normal black tea because it has a subtle sweet after taste and really great aroma. Service:Similar to other more authentic Chinese restaurants, you should not expect great service. Come here for the food. It's not a fine dining experience. It's also usually better if you bring someone who is Chinese with you to dine here. Tips: Order the Szechuan dishes (the section of the menu where there's actual Chinese names). Please don't order pad thai or sushi here. You are better off getting those dishes at other places in Ithaca.", 4, 9], "bAcrahQ9_yooqfXk0x_5Tg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/27/2012", "I am from an area where there is plenty of good chinese food, so when I arrived in Ithaca for College, I was very disappointed at the offerings. However this place is as good as anywhere I have found.  I have only had the General Tso's but its very good, big pieces of chicken and a sauce that isnt too sugary or syrupy. Plus the Chicken Friend rice comes with very good pieces of chicken, not just some small little cubes like some places. While this is still not as good as some of the places back home, it is very good and they will be getting my business from now on.", 4, 4], "xvdKFgu8klzqVkVWbdI3HQ": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/22/2012", "I visited this place not longer than a week ago, and I must say this is the worst Asian place in Ithaca.I went with a good friend of mine, and we were given the poorest excuse of a table at a sit-down restaurant. The servers knew very little English and we had to resort to pointing at items in the menu. Due to their lack of English, ordering items and asking for simple things (e.g. Napkins) was unnecessarily difficult. The food was barely subpar, the pad thai was disgusting, though I can't speak for their Chinese food. My friend said the lo mein was OKAY.TL;DR The service and food here are unacceptably bad, so look elsewhere for good Asian food (e.g. Sumo, Sushi O Sake, Four Seasons, etc.)", 1, 7], "PSiKUP1k1Zf1Zow0MX6X2A": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "11/15/2012", "So, I'm from Philly where lies Han Dynasty, which is the best spicy schezuan style chinese food I believe to be on the entire planet. Their food is seriously like crack to me. Having said that, Spicy Asian does a really nice job of the schezuan style. Although not quite as good as Han Dynasty in Philly, It certainly satisfies my craving for spicy schezuan chinese food where other chinese restaurant will simply put another pepper in your food when you ask for it to be extra spicy (not to mention its not schezuan). They also have interesting items on the menu like \"black pepper fried rice\" which is a nice twist to the regular fried rice you had probably gotten hundreds of times at the every day chinese food place. I read other reviews saying that the service was kinda crappy and there is certainly some truth in that. But that was just based on the fact that it was pretty damn hard to communicate with the waitress and that they tried to give me a styrofoam container for a soup like meal I had which would of spelled disaster for the ride home. I quickly pointed out to the waitress that the styrofoam was a terrible idea and that i would need a sealable container, and even that was a kinda tough idea to convey to the waitress. Nevertheless, the food is tasty, and not fake spicy even though it does seem like you're talking to a bag of rocks when you ask for something from the staff.", 4, 4], "wmY-qcVfyU5NGoEKZRxyxg": ["Yelp", "Spicy Asian", "10/7/2012", "After this place opened, I ate there for lunch three days in a row! The sushi is awesome. For mysterious reasons, I have a special place in my heart for the business that was in this location formerly (CT Bento), but Spicy Asian is definitely more like the real thing. And lucky me, the prices are still low (for now anyway!)It seemed like this place popped up almost instantly after CT Bento closed, so I didn't expect much in the way of interior changes. But they did a nice job with the few things they did - they put in some booths, created some half walls which divides up the space nicely, and they closed off the kitchen. It still has a long way to go atmosphere-wise, but it's an improvement so far, so hopefully they're not done now that they're open.As for the food, I can't stop ordering the crunch rolls. And the special sushi rolls are soooo good and so well presented. Like Bento, they have the make your own bowls with different meats/veg/sauces, and still have that super addictive bubble tea. Lunch specials are something like $6.50 and come with either a soup or an eggroll, and white/brown/or chicken fried rice. It's a lot of food for these crazy cheap prices! I only hold that last star out because they really need a bigger menu - but I respect the fact that they're starting small as it will help make sure that all their ingredients are super fresh. Let's just hope business goes well and they expand the options soon.Service has been very quick and polite despite language barriers!", 4, 5]}
{"t6eLLnqcANRLuJxSyM4LKQ": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "5/24/2018", "Easily the best breakfast I've had in Ithaca. You absolutely have to get their home fried potatoes! Ambience seemed really nice, food was fantastic as well as service. Not a soul was in there when we ate; why that is I haven't a clue. To be fair I wouldn't have known about it if I didn't stay at Ramada. They clearly suck at advertising this place.", 5, 0], "nC4bnUthWbAR8CFTbobX2w": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "2/26/2018", "Kind of a joke. Stopped in for dinner on a Tuesday at 5pm. Not a soul in the place. Bartender doubled as waiter. We said screw it and had a drink at the bar. Earl was a good old boy from NC. Friendly fellow. But when I ordered a Manhattan and he reached for the Old Mr Boston guide, well, I'll have a Heineken instead. One drink and out.Good night!", 2, 0], "69WO2-wxPgHj8hnvbf77mw": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "8/12/2017", "This place is truly as good as it gets for food in ithaca", 5, 1], "jkU6bAQahwTI-l7MzHiKbg": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "12/29/2013", "My wife and I went to dappers for breakfast this morning food was good service was excellent a dramatic price increase almost 4$ per person more. Needless to say we are not going back because of the price honestly a small increase is reasonable bit almost 50% na. Good like lower to a reasonable price we will come back", 2, 0], "jj8Uyrs_mTHBpD9sJRnyAw": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "11/3/2013", "Cheaper to come here before ten but the process are still good for Sunday brunch. I have only been here for Sunday brunch. Food is ok not gourmet but it is a local favorite.", 4, 0], "VN-8KbeEVISBGQPpueOWMw": ["Yelp", "Dapper\u2019s Restaurant", "1/25/2013", "Good quality. Attentive staff. A little hard to find if not for the area (bc it's in the ramada and no signs).", 4, 1]}
{"A2qqkbY3kWPZKF7zDB9Ccw": ["Yelp", "2nd Landing Cafe", "1/29/2019", "I arrived in Ithaca late at night and had no idea what the food options were, and when I returned to head home I was surprised that this was the only food option. I ordered a burger and didn't have high expectations but it was a great burger! Service was good, maybe a bit slow to get the burger to me but it was worth it.", 5, 0], "CJN2fCw_tQHWbR-FkM9xnQ": ["Yelp", "2nd Landing Cafe", "7/31/2017", "Very friendly and the prices were very reasonable. I ordered the grilled cheese and it was perfect--gooey and hot! I waited about 5 minutes for my order, but it wasn't a busy time of day.", 5, 0], "TduyTU1GnGt4Ok46-s2ivw": ["Yelp", "2nd Landing Cafe", "7/6/2017", "If your here catching a flight I highly recommend the hamburger. Fresh everything. The staff was outstanding and very friendly. Excellent service and really impressive hamburger. One would not think - airport = good hamburger but this one delivers.  Thank you", 4, 0], "8i5DDkgZ6dSm91E-RHYrzA": ["Yelp", "2nd Landing Cafe", "6/16/2013", "This little cafe at the Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport is a bit of a gem when it comes to airport food. Its basic diner fair: eggs, bacon, omelets, and sandwiches, but its done just as well as most of the actual Ithaca diners. The prices are also quite reasonable considering they are in an airport.However, be warned that they are located outside of security. This means you can't get through security and then relax and enjoy your meal. You have to eat before you go through security and that can sometimes be a bit stressful if you cut it close. Still this food is a far better value than you will get at pretty much any other airport, so make sure to eat here before your flight. You will thank yourself later when you aren't forced to eat the gross, overpriced, food court style offerings at your connecting airport.Note if they weren't located in an airport, I'd give them one less star. They get a sympathy star because airport food is always so bad.", 4, 0], "I7SbkzcPQZuezzrv7p5KKQ": ["Yelp", "2nd Landing Cafe", "11/16/2009", "The poor man behind the counter was overwhelmed by the line of six people who all wanted breakfast! He was obviously stressed out by having to cook the orders, take orders, man the cash register and deliver everything!I have to hand it to him for slowly getting to each of us, but I didn't have much time to enjoy my breakfast sandwich because I had to inhale it while my flight boarded!", 3, 0]}
{"dTw3b6OTKhoL0lr_yfEDdw": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "2/12/2018", "Nice grab and go place. Great chopped salads and love the naan bread salads. Always friendly service.", 5, 0], "9hHnMCiwkZxy88r2DV7JAQ": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "11/14/2017", "Last week I stopped by the deli. The line was moving at a good pace, enough time for me to circle in my order, and the person ahead of me seemed to be having a nice time. When it was my turn, the delicatessen, Sharon was her name, asked me how was. We chatted for a bit and I had a good laugh. In the end I walked away smiling, or maybe I was still laughing.It's not often that I feel compelled to write a review on Yelp. But fun and professional people like Sharon really stand out. Everyone I've encountered there is friendly and professional but she in particular made my day. Between classes and a busy schedule, a little comic relief and a nice lunch go a long way.", 5, 0], "u6rx2fFQZ4Jt80g7NUsYNA": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "11/11/2017", "Best place on campus for a quick, easy salad. The line tends to get very long if you come between the hours of 12 and 2, but well worth your time!", 4, 0], "JyIWV7gnH_YyTFlY9J9GYQ": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "9/24/2013", "This is the only eatery on campus that is unfriendly to students. You can't even use big red bucks after 3 pm. Why should a student's meal plan money be good before 3 but bad after 3? Could you imagine if a business ran based on the philosophy of no credit cards after 3pm, but yay to credit cards before 3pm? It's highly annoying. The pasta is decent, and so are the enchiladas, but nothing is particularly good. Since the food here is no better than Cornell Dining eateries, I'd rather support the Cornell dining establishments because they are actually student friendly.I also suspect that unlike Cornell dining, these employees are not being paid a livable wage. Cornell dining employees are so friendly. These employees are not.", 2, 2], "94wOwHa9ncs94dG2mu396Q": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "12/18/2011", "Ate here just about everyday during college, Serve Biscuits for Bfast & Pizza, Pasta, Sushi, & Deli Sandwiches for lunch...They also have a meal of the week, which sometimes was Indian (as an Indian I hated! the Indian option). Never minded eating here, except on days when they served Indian. The pasta was always really good. Would switch up the Penne for tortellini sometimes, Mix the marinara with Alfredo, throw in a little red peppers.. got your self a quick lunch. Get the large when you get Pasta, because you can usually not finish it, which makes it a good afternoon snack. For the size & amount of food you get, its def cheaper.", 4, 2], "eTIk4x6ZP8ywT99OGANbuw": ["Yelp", "Mac\u2019s Cafe", "12/17/2009", "This is your typical cafeteria style campus food joint, but I gotta say it's not too shabby. The variety is great - sandwiches, salads, soups, pizza, weekly specialty dishes, overpriced sushi, coffee, bottled drinks, etc. I usually get a sandwich with double meat and it's stacked so damn high I have to take it apart. God I love meat. Oh yeah their meatballs are hella tasty.There's not enough seating unfortunately. Nothing is worse than having a hunger attack, holding on to a tray of double meat and/or meatballs on the side, and not having a feasting table. Prices are reasonable given the convenient central campus location. Service is friendly too.", 4, 2]}
{"8_c-X1zpBov_uQepk7paMw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "2/16/2019", "We stopped in for lunch and got the lunch buffet (served daily). Buffet had a nice variety of meat and vegan foods. All foods were piping hot. A very enjoyable experience with authentic Indian food. The only complaint is I like my food spicy and the single paper napkin was not sufficient . If you like your food Spivey, ask for few extra napkins upfront. Overall a very enjoyable experience.", 4, 0], "2pb7p_dB_WAHxcOCTg9oeA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "1/19/2019", "We stopped by this place for a lunch buffet on our visit to Ithaca. After reading the ratings and review on Yelp, didn't set our expectations high but must say, we were pleasantly surprised!! All items on the menu were delicious, full of flavours, authentic and instantly felt like home made food! Wide variety of veg and non-veg entrees. Our favourite items were butter chicken( best we have tried so far!), chicken curry, tandoori chicken and pakoras!! Desserts are worth a try. Looking forward to come back again!", 4, 1], "8e33pQWSsITS1AzijZUajw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/24/2018", "I've been looking for a good Indian restaurant for take out and this place is great!! Although I'm sure the restaurant itself for dining in is just as great too! Anyways, when the food got to my place I was impressed how neatly packaged it was with no leaks as I ordered a lot of easily spilled items. Besides presentation, the food was delicious!! I made sure to save some just so I could have seconds the next day. I highly recommend this place :)", 5, 0], "69ggwwU_JwNa_DCcIctjvw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/22/2018", "They have a downtown location in center Ithaca. Food quality not so good. Today was my first time going to this location and do not plan on going back.", 1, 1], "fiSdXVGOVrBFvhazcjrbEg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/15/2018", "Criminally underrated restaurant -- it's almost never busy, which is a shame for how good it is. The samosas and the bengan Bartha are absolutely delicious, and the buffet is pretty good too. Try the garlic naan!", 5, 1], "Cv7xQqWm2eezsqUqycBT8A": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/12/2018", "We love this place. It smells fantastic and the food is soooo good. The service is really good as well. There is also quite a lot of food. We have had the lunch buffet as well as dinner and have thoroughly enjoyed both. We will keep coming back.", 5, 0], "f-FDVzsY6U0fdwHIMKdxbw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/2/2018", "I went in for the lunch buffet. The food was really tasty, hot, and fresh. Even at 2pm they were constantly bringing out fresh food. There were also really nice desserts. The only downsides are the service and the price. The price was relatively high for a buffet in Ithaca. Apparently the buffet prices increased at the time I went in and I was overcharged and paid a lot more than what the buffet actually is. The service is very fast, but not welcoming/friendly. They have a mindset to get things done fast.", 4, 0], "X86FV9i0YwUL-k_O8S76wA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/26/2018", "Friendly service. We arrived at 2:15pm for a lunch buffet that ends at 3pm, expecting to get the dregs of the day. There was plenty and they also brought out fresh dosa and we ordered a delicious mango lassi. We had butter chicken, chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken along with a range of veggie options. Dessert options included kheer which we enjoyed greatly. Try the lime pickle - it's hot and clearly housemade.", 5, 1], "Ih3IxHXS3Z7EBpuImT9PQw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/8/2018", "Decent location, great food and very polite servers...definitely one of my go to spots in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "hx3Qp9n_5-nFI4d-spPiJA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/20/2018", "Seriously, how in the hell does it take that long to cook a meal?! I could have built a tandoor and raised some chickens in the time it took you to make that dish to go last weekend. Nevertheless, the meal was a masterpiece. Truly delicious, and full of fresh cream, herbs, and spices. There was a solid 3 oz of chicken in my order that made me feel like I wasn't completely getting ripped off, but I still had to order Burger King later that night to fill my hungry belly. Sangam, you are oh so close, yet oh so far from being a decent place to order great Indian food from. Your dishes are fantastic! However, you who run Sangam are terribly incompetent people who are utterly incapable of providing good (or timely) service for your customers, but it tastes amazing when it finally arrives. If you place an order for pickup (following several extraordinarily late orders) you should expect a two-hour wait, followed by an annoying \"we're very busy tonight\" excuse. But to your surprise, when you offer to come pick the order up it'll be absolutely dead inside... I'll be placing an order this evening to determine if I've had a few bad orders, or if incompetence is the norm here, but I expect to wait way too long for food that is fairly decent. And if that's the case I'll likely never order from here again. Sangam: you guys make decent food, but most of us out here in college town think you must be idiots to take such a long time to prepare a simple meal. Prove us wrong tonight. Or forever be banished from our delivery repertoire. This stuff comes in a jar at the grocery store, and it gets in my belly a whole lot faster that way. You make good food, but for the love of god, learn how to run a business.... If only this meal will be prepared in a timely manner I will delete and rewrite this review into one that praises your speed and service so that others may enjoy your delicious food. But so help me god, if it's shamefully late for the umpteenth time in a row I will forever denounce your existence and pray for your restaurant's demise while I enjoy lesser food from a more capable provider.", 2, 0], "joqKvP4f-sXC0PVzRAiGbw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/3/2018", "Solid lunch buffet. They often have a Balti dish that's pretty good. The tandoori chicken could be more flavorful, but if you come for the buffet it's a good deal", 4, 0], "fSjL5qnPFn2emxCjwGiS0w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/9/2018", "Yum! My favorite place! Chicken tikka sagwala, perfect! And great service! Can't go wrong here.", 5, 0], "eBqMroB8yIYO6paqSVbNBg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "1/1/2018", "The couple that runs this place is incredibly sweet. The all-you-can-eat lunch buffet is both popular and affordable ($8.99 plus tax). Don't miss the lunch buffet dosas - they're light and crispy outside, yet fluffy on the inside & pair well with your classic chutney triad. Lunch buffet lasts from 12-3pm, and there are always vegan options available.", 5, 0], "As9CFS2IRTBaWb3et4ZsvA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/3/2017", "Ordered the Singh Tandoor Kebob which arrived sizzling straight out of the kitchen with lacha bread and split some spicy sauce with the mates as well. Very tasty lamb, saut\u00e9ed veggies and crunchy bread. Kind, smiling, and attentive service staff as well. Quite an enjoyable dinner experience.", 4, 2], "Kkncqu7IWfCwHQ7OlcYgNA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/30/2017", "7 days in Ithaca, day 5 and this is my favorite restaurant so far! Excellent food, clean and very pleasant staff. The sound-level was perfect so that we could enjoy a relaxing meal and conversation. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.", 5, 0], "bYcVMMNMr8QMRRGKFfPPMw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/21/2017", "Best Indian food in the country. Have been coming here since 2000. Visiting now and food is still extremely tasteful . A must try. My kids even love it :)", 5, 0], "XJTe7AyPZjeXR424X2fnIQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/12/2017", "I was very disappointed!! I ordered lamb biriyani, according to the menu it is supposed to prepare with basmati rice but they cooked with normal rice. I never imagine a biryani without basmati. No biryani flavor, poor quality meat..I don't consider this as an Indian restaurant and don't recommend to any one", 1, 1], "W6OR6eEdAyGnPrUmRbDTbw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/2/2017", "This place sucks! It is a waste of your time and money. We waited for more than an hour for a takeout order consisting of 3 items. Moreover, the food turned out to be not worth the wait at all! There is nothing special about their \"special\" biryani and the mutton roganjosh didn't taste anything like it should have. The place is clearly under-staffed, there were just 2 servers for a place with seating capacity of 40-50, and from the pace of food preparation it would seem that the kitchen is also under-staffed. We are big-time foodies and enjoy various cuisines, and were very disappointed with this experience - would not recommend this place at all!", 1, 1], "675pM7Y43R4C3NHiZPZ-hA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/20/2017", "My husband and I came here on a Saturday. There were quite a few Indians eating here. If you only want the buffet, no problemI, however, wanted lamb. It wasn't on the buffet (it usually isn't); so I had to order. It was quite a while (after being asked if I wanted to order; I got my own menu; then asking if I could have a minute to look it over, it was a bit before they came for my order", 4, 2], "to9M-SiLFqf-hYDUKcLPOw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/21/2017", "This is my favorite Indian restaurant. It has an excellent buffet. Wonderful attentive employees. A great place to take friends.", 5, 2], "iNPEhF_plAvo-f04jzC4sA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "1/9/2017", "Of the three Indian restaurants in Ithaca, this one is the one that I catch myself craving. Their breads in the tandoori oven are the best in town. But their curries get better every time I'm there. Their lamb dishes aren't dry like the other places in town and you can tell everything is made in house. I could eat their yogurt on everything, it just tastes so fresh. I catch myself here every Monday and food is just as good dine in or to go.", 5, 0], "J-Ym_W9UnS8s9O0izDCABQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/20/2016", "I love Indian food, and I've had Indian food from different states that I've lived in, but this food is just plain bland and it made me sick! I ordered meat samosas and goat curry. Both did not look or taste fresh...sort of like leftover food that has been reheated. The good also tasted very bland, not as flavorful as Indian food. I was hungry so I ate the food for dinner, only to wake up with a stomach ache. I'm throwing away what is left of the food from last night that I paid $20 for. Save your money and your health and stay away from this restaurant.", 1, 0], "VHHxzM49koHQ1fAD4UJJsw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/29/2016", "Just received our order, which was on time and still hot. First time ordering, had high hopes, very disappointed. Good:* I ordered two pieces of naan. The naan pieces are huge and look delicious. * flavors pretty good. * huge portion of rice.Horrible:* our paneer pakoras are rock hard and inedible. Only four pieces for 5.90.* our malai kofta, meant to be shared by two adults and one child, has three kofta balls swimming in a sea of sauce. The balls are the size of small meatballs.* We ordered two entrees. Each was supposed to come with two chutneys (mint and tamarind). We only got two chutneys in those small, plastic ramekins; each ramekin is only a third full. I think we were also supposed to get a tamarind chutney with our samosas, but there are only the two- again- to be shared two and a half ways. We also got a ramekin with some soft, plain diced tomatoes, which was maybe a quarter full.For a meal that came to $54, this is truly pathetic. Would never order from them again.Two stars and a heaping helping of karma for Sagnam!", 2, 0], "39T1aF9F3UrkNN8mDFqAJg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/5/2016", "Visited Sangam once again after a long time along with a friend. The Masala Dosa is my favorite item on the buffet and the texture of the dosa has gotten better than before. Enjoyed all other dishes as well.", 5, 0], "2rzszzcep8Dg9FdLACVITg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/7/2016", "I had my Lunch& Dinner many times here. This looks to be family owned restaurant. The lunch buffet is quite exhaustive and they generally have both South and North Indian foods! Overall this is very good Indian restaurant in town.", 5, 2], "OhVO9fgyW6lXo0aefcOMcA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/5/2016", "They are not vegan friendly. We customized something from their menu to make it vegan. The food was fine. The service was fine but they took a huge time to serve our order. It's not easy to find parking near the restaurant since street parking is crowded.", 2, 0], "VWervCUz6TpG5xS2chdCgA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/20/2016", "Pretty good. Buffet was quite good; service not bad at all; decor a bit strange but not bad; atmosphere was barely present.Regular Indian food; all the food items were good and the rice stood out.", 4, 0], "kU3Ae-53Q3V1tSiOzY6ehg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/9/2016", "I ordered some of the most basic dishes/appetizers possible, and was really disappointed. How do you screw up samosas, aloo chaat, and kababs? I knew it was going to be an ill-fated evening when the host/ma\u00eetre d actually looked annoyed when I walked in around 830 p.m. He never smiled and seemed to dislike my presence. Too much work? I sat down and just ordered a few basic things including a meat appetizer platter, vegetable samosas, and aloo chaat. My plan was to give it a try, and if they passed, come back. Needless to say, I won't be going back.How do you screw up kabobs? Maybe by microwaving meat? I was obvious to me the meat wasn't fresh, and the rubbery, tough texture was a dead giveaway. I admit that the meat samosa was actually good and keema was salty, but tasty, but how do you screw up basic sauces at an Indian restaurant? Dilute them water, as was evident when I sampled the chili/mint sauce, and sweet tamarind sauce. I was almost surprised to see a chicken pakora, and it too tasted reheated. The samosa is really hard to screw up, but this too wasn't very good. The saving grace may have been the pappad, but what kind of meal is that?All in all, a disappointing experience.", 2, 3], "vLAI27kjo2qLQ3ZeTuJ0eQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/6/2016", "Great quality of ingredients. Excellent blend of spices. I highly recommend the curry. I was completely impressed by the service. I will definitely be returning customer!!!", 5, 0], "41FX1kX1THnW3j46rm9ASw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/3/2016", "I'm from India and I'm surprised to say Sangam's food rivals the quality and taste of food we get in India.", 5, 0], "CL5YJwW1d9aMcTmlgsoytQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "2/17/2016", "I used to always be a fan of Sangam, but within the last year every time I've eaten there I've been really disappointed. I recently ordered Dal Makhani and Chicken sag. They both tasted off, very bland and the chicken was just dry. The paratha was also bland. I don't think I've ever had under seasoned Indian food. No chutneys with my to-go order either. With so many other great options in town, I won't be returning.", 2, 3], "FXyYabH_7gFpTkDpDjmxxw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "2/14/2016", "I'll be honest, I have never really tried indian food before coming here and if you have never tried but want to, order the tikka masala! It's mild enough for those who are sensitive to spices and tastes delicious and creamy! Also I usually order a basket of naan as an appetizer because they are HUGE and yummy especially when warm.. The lunch buffets are also a great deal. I always leave the restaurant really full and satisfied :)", 4, 1], "xRNc70-QxuaxFvLm5JjVYA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/1/2015", "Food is consistently delicious. Authentic Northern Indian food. I grew up in India, and this is my favorite local Indian restaurant. It is clean, nice, and very reasonably priced. The buffet luncheon has wonderful food, great service, very attentive staff!", 5, 0], "stvZmoSkh7cuh7BpPAjxgg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/23/2015", "Our experience with this restaurant was miserable. I ordered a take-out order and was told it would take 45 minutes to an hour. I showed up after an hour and was told it would take 20 more minutes. After 20 minutes I was told it would take another 10 minutes., I got the impression that they had not even begun taking care of our order and cancelled at that point. No apology was made at any point.", 1, 0], "a2KpkmCAgr2KWk6LLxo5xw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/10/2015", "Love getting take out from here to my dorm. I love Indian food & this stuff tastes great! Love the Marsala chicken! Have yet to visit the actual restaurant but I will definitely continue to order from here!", 4, 2], "UDp5NkT6jRHeXQgsj97nKA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/3/2015", "The food here is tasteless and the manager thinks he is doing you a favor when you ask for more rice or a take out. Despite being served by a nice young woman, the manager began hovering around our table once we were done. Then he swooped in when we stood up and we saw him taking and pocketing our tip. If you want to tip the waitstaff, I suggest you give it to them once they bring your meal.", 2, 2], "I7jya7Vr_56aGvDAk3RNnw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/24/2015", "Pretty good Indian food. Service was great and everyone was friendly. The 4 out of 5 stars was for the food. It was pretty good but not great.", 4, 0], "gxEuD2qQzL1_XejzpG-hQg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/21/2015", "I ordered from them because they are the only Indian restaurant on Ithacatogo. Everything about my experience was bad. Let's start with the fact that they completely forgot my goat vindaloo. Apparently they forgot to write it on my ticket. So I call and after having to talk to three different people I am told that they can get it to me in half an hour. Apparently I am just supposed to wait for it while the rest of our food gets cold. Instead I opted to call Ithaca To Go and get a refund for that dish. Then there is the fact that the dal had too much stacked on it on so by the time it got to me the lid had broken and half of it was in the bottom of the back. Add to that the fact that the samosas are $5 for two and top it all off with the fact that it is the most mediocre Indian I have ever had. Don't waste your time with this place. You will get nothing but disappointment.", 1, 0], "CXdXMRBcue6wTtSkLHhACA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/19/2015", "Absolutely delicious Indian fare. Sangam has been our family's favorite Ithaca restaurant for years. It has a solid lunch buffet, but Sangam is especially good for dinner. Most everything is delicious, but we especially love the chicken tikka masala and lamb shahi korma.", 5, 0], "PGLx_UU-mn58lt8AwQm4WA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/12/2015", "The food here is amazingly flavorful! The owners are also very friendly and accommodating, allowing me to bring my own containers instead of using regular takeout ones. This is definitely my favorite Indian place in town.", 5, 2], "dR-OK9oQTBvx0iC2LdNBGg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/2/2015", "Hot, fresh food at an affordable price. The service is not as bad as people make it out to be here.", 4, 0], "SSwTMvUXIiahVRMxUxo6Nw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/20/2015", "I am a regular customer and visited Sangam often in this 5 years but the latest time I went there for lunch buffet is the most disappoint. The food is low quality and very pricey for 9.40$ lunch buffet. I got plain spicy chicken curry, rice is very hard, less choice of buffet is compared to year 2012-2014. They rise the price but the quality of food and service is lower than couple years ago. Restaurant has the very big spider web at the top right corner of the table by the window that look like they did not clean up for so many month. It's very scary. They served the expired cantalupe which is too sour, bad taste in your mouth and unhealthy for your health. I think, they did not served cousine as their claimed anymore. Over all, I am very disappointed even I was very like their masala lamp curry for my dinner but I will not go back. I preferred Thai restaurant downtown for better and real authentic gourmet curry.", 1, 1], "KIiFGIyMbCGxxN3yeDK0wQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/11/2015", "Real nice job on typical Indian food. All the hits.Samosas. Chicken tikka. Lamb organ josh. Vindaloo. And perfect nan. Service matches quality of food. A terrific choice whilst in collegetown.", 4, 0], "4IJ9KSNeU7J7jph6VTIVTg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/8/2015", "I have yet to be disappointed with a meal at Sangam. As a vegan, I truly appreciate having several delicious veggie options. As an added bonus, the owners are kind and extremely personable. I always feel taken care of, which isn't always the case elsewhere.", 5, 0], "Pn3uMIXrwyXDABlecADMCQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/27/2015", "Perk: delivers via IthacaToGo. However, Mehak (about two doors down) is much better. Food is blank, naan is reminiscent of cardboard. When convenience is key, this is your place. Otherwise go elsewhere.", 2, 1], "r0-uTbRn2TvBrQBpmMcxYQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "2/14/2015", "I've only eaten here a few times for the lunch buffet, but every time something goes wrong. Either the ancient credit card machine breaks down or the naan bread is mysteriously missing. During the buffet one-too-many waiters attempt to refill my water after I take one sip. This over attention to the water refilling made me feel uncomfortable. After I was done eating (the food good) and payed I checked my receipt and noticed that there was an automatic gratuity added to my check. This shocked me. Tipping at a normal restaurant should be to the discretion of the customer. In this case there wasn't normal waiter service but gratuity was expected. Next time I will go to Meehak next door.", 3, 8], "TXLxOfFbRtgOjel3z2cmSg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/11/2014", "DONT use ithaca to go for these guys. They are really stingy and the food is far inferior to mehak's. I got like 5 tiny shreds of chicken in my \"chicken tikka masala\" which tasted more like spaghetti-os with Sriracha sauce.", 1, 8], "81f5i9GZxc43EbTJjToCJA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/5/2014", "I've been going to Sangam for years and years, both to eat dinner there and for take out. I love Indian food, always seek it out in any city I go to, and Sangam's rates at the top. The rice that comes with the meal is the best of any I've had, anywhere. Furthermore, among its many excellent dishes, Sangam has made me a lifelong enthusiast of sag paneer. The decor is very pleasant and the servers are attentive, welcoming, and prompt with service.", 5, 0], "r2X4DvsJMOd_AC6ay2MENg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/14/2014", "Best Indian in Ithaca, hands down. My favorite was the Vegetable Korma and their lunch buffet.", 5, 10], "1TdnyFChMZPav0rMOvu4_g": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/3/2014", "Sangam is the restaurant I hold all other Indian restaurants up to. After eating at many other Indian restaurants I find myself wanting to be back at Sangam. The food has always been hot and fresh and delicious. I highly recommend Sangam for solid Indian fare.", 4, 11], "1RfUYXQxVjbj3snuhJ1U4w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/27/2014", "been going here for a while now. For students on a budget their lunch buffet is awesome. at 10$ for salad, a couple plates and dessert, it's an absolute steal.for dinner their butter chicken is pretty good too.also the staff is super polite, honestly the nicest bunch around.", 5, 0], "8a5C-YHfFkD2vzzpNT8g5g": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/22/2014", "definitely my favorite Indian place in Ithaca. love the tikka chicken malasa and daal mahkni", 4, 2], "d5djHJ57V3-CqBu0PsmHiw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/6/2014", "Always come here for the lunch buffet! Although there aren't so many options, what they have is really all you need for a great lunch.", 4, 10], "7Ix-EUe1EsVar1RFPsqdSw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/17/2014", "One of the best Indian Restaurants visited in NYWe had visited Ithaca to only dine at Sangam.. And it was totally worth it...It has the authentic indian food taste..N its worth the money spent..Do try samosa with green chutney, dal makhani, chicken and their famous gulab jamun and mango lassi...", 4, 0], "z289GnXDl-Jgcg7WeRbtRw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/18/2014", "I did not enjoy this place at all... It was empty when we got there so that should've been a sign. I feel it was the manager who tended to my group of three because he had a different air about him. He was abrasive and short with us. It took forever for the food to come out. We order the chapati bread as an appetizer and for the price it was absolutely tiny. When we finally got our food it was way too hot to eat and had to wait like 15 minutes for it to cool down and bit to the point where it was still slightly painful to eat it, but it was doable. The actual food was subpar unfortunately. It looks like they give you a tiny portion but the food is just so unenjoyably spicy, that you get full quite quickly (and I'm a native Mexican so I definitely know how to handle spice). I didn't even finish mine because my stomach started hurting. Nobody at our table finished actually... What really annoyed me was that they brought the check like 7 minutes after handing us our food.... They couldn't think to split the check into 3 either considering that we're college students that pay individually? Goodness. I was so excited for my first Indian food experience. It was awful and I haven't craved it since :(", 2, 1], "Da5L3y9noOIggr6t5BAjug": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/25/2014", "I am having a hard time containing myself writing good things about this place. As a university student, I was picking up food for a club event to be held on campus. I didn't have quick access to a car, but was willing to bring friends to carry four full trays of samosas plus three tubs of sauces back to the event location. The owner refused to let us do it and actually went out of his way to drive us there so we wouldn't have to walk as much.It is the most exceptional service I've ever received.", 5, 4], "YDa3v2IbOKQWom1Ex_SKAg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/23/2013", "Lunch buffet is a pretty good deal. The food is mostly mediocre though. But they do give you lots of options to try at a low cost so you can't complain too much. I tried a little bit of everything and liked the chicken curry the most. You can easily get your money's worth in two or three plates. It's a solid establishment and a good way to get a filling budget meal in town.", 3, 14], "iSpxiN-TXjM_WeH-bXzAlg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/5/2013", "i liked it. no matter what the other people going with me are saying. the indian food is much better than any of those i tried in Shanghai!", 4, 0], "ohKL-u70Tvi-5cEFtEu08w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/30/2013", "I waited an hour without food and it's still not coming. And waiters say they can't help. So suck it", 1, 10], "j3YOImCRLg66k3wCxQnhcw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/6/2013", "We love this place. My wife and I as well as my daughter Maya try to dine here as often as possible. We are always treated like family. The everyday lunch buffet is great. Don't miss it.", 5, 3], "6jpOOYQFmFqGdwKI-w9Tfg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "9/13/2013", "Loved Sangam!  During a visit to Ithaca, my friend and I visited for the buffet and it was delicious!   Much spicer than the buffets in Syracuse, the food was so good.   A nice selection of veg choices with a couple non-veg chicken dishes reminded me of food that I had while in India.   We got there early for lunch but it filled up quickly as classes got out near noon and the place filled with mostly Indian students.  I need to figure out more reasons to come to Ithaca just so I can visit again.", 4, 31], "uEYC1ShGmCWl5KP5BlgHfQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/2/2013", "This is basically your average Indian restaurant. None of the dishes will wow you, but they are reasonably tasty. While I think the buffet is better, overall, at Mehak's down the street, this buffet has far more vegetarian options and the vegetarian dishes are all quite good. I'd recommend Sangam for Vegetarians and Mehak for meat eaters.", 3, 18], "MTFWh-Y3DGGGzimcWQCCoQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/1/2013", "In Ithaca, yes, this is as good as Indian food gets. Good food, friendly staff, fast service, cute/traditional...ish atmosphere.Naan is mouthwatering good!", 4, 36], "DxaeQ2zkzD5XUbgj8JIn1w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/2/2013", "Sangam has the best Indian cuisine in Ithaca, high quality traditional Indian food made authentically. The staff here are excellent, kind and knowledgable of all meals. They have a wide variety of foods for allergy sufferers--especially--for gluten free individuals and those off dairy. Finally, tradition: the food here is made without fillers, without cornstarch and cheap ingredients found at other restaurants in the area. The ambiance is charming and the the food always good. Thirty years of business in Ithaca--they must be doing something right.", 5, 1], "EiGJjd5H9fjA1zd_DM-tEg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/15/2013", "The lunch buffet is consistently good, the naan in fresh, the waiter is usually very attentive about refilling water. My friends and I go at least 5 or 6 times every semester, it's our go-to brunch place. I've also ordered take-out before, and the portion was really big and came with more than enough rice. Overall, a very good restaurant.", 5, 2], "D1HpBDxIn5PmOoRqUpm_3w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/24/2012", "I am in love with this place and always look forward to their lunch buffets since it's only $7.95 per person. I believe it's everyday from 11:30AM to 2:30PM, which is a great time on the weekends since you can sleep in and just start off with Indian food. They have about 5 to 6 main dishes along with your choice of naan and rice which is really great since once I sample just a little bit from each, I'm already stuffed. They also always have a dessert each time (I think they vary between 3 to 4 desserts), and my favorite are the ones that kinda look like brown sugar cubes (I forgot what they're called). They also have salad out, but I rarely ever get that since I just want to go straight to the Indian food.I've come here a few times for dinner as well, which although is a little pricier, still a great decision since this is when I can get my lamb dishes (they never serve lamb during the buffets, only chicken and vegetable dishes). The last time I came here, I got the lamb saagwala which was delicious and my friend ordered the chicken curry. I thoroughly enjoyed both when I tasted the dishes. (Honestly, they're both covered in so much sauce that I can't tell the difference between them that much, I only know they're both great) My only complaint with dinner is that they serve way too little rice with the two entrees so we ended up having to get another dish of rice which cost an extra $2.95. I didn't think the chicken pakora was anything special though since it was kinda just like overpriced chicken nuggets. The owner of the restaurant is also always really friendly and she really thanks you for supporting her restaurant every time you go in, which I really appreciate. She even helped me put some of the side dishes and desserts together during the lunch buffets since I wasn't sure which sauce went with which dish and she would explain what each dish was made up of if I asked her. My only complaint with the service is that usually, it seems a little understaffed so they don't refill my glass of water as often as I'd like (especially since some of the dishes are spicy). I will definitely be coming back many times to come.UPDATE: I dropped a star (from 5 to 4) only because Mehak actually is kind of better now...IDK when I noticed the difference but Mehak has more food choices and usually seems fresher...however I do still very much like Sangam and don't think Sangam is ever a bad choice.", 4, 50], "pO0C9pm-mVFufgc62369vA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "12/20/2012", "I really enjoyed my meal at Sangam tonight. We ordered the veg appetizer platter for an appetizer and the mixed grill to split as our entree- there was plenty of food to go around! Our waitress was very sweet and the lady that I think might have been the owner was very nice. She gave us our chais for free after we told her how wonderful they were.", 4, 2], "o9z11KqjuTyyjJgLR-XgLQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/25/2012", "This is the sort of restaurant one goes to when seeking auntie's cooking... or Indian comfort food in general! They make the best chicken saagwala-large chunks of chicken dunked in creamy, spiced spinach- and quite possibly the best naan in upstate in NY. The naan is huge for the price and the endless rice with the chicken saag is always a plus. My friends recommend the beef jalfrazi , lamb mango, chicken tikka masala, and poori.... they also can whip up a mean mango-lassi if you are in for a dessert-like drink.The service at this restaurant can't be beat! For sure, we can always expect anyone to get a little frazzled with a full restaurant and hungry college students waiting at the door- but, my water has always been filled when needed and the spiciness level of my food has always been reported correctly to the chefs. The consistent high quality food is enough to bring me back every time! The lunch buffet is also a real hit with the students in the area because it is ridiculously cheap. My friends always go and end up heaping tons of food on their plates (breakfast, lunch, and dinner for ~$7). I can't handle spicy foods too well so the buffet doesn't always work for me. You can also order straight from the menu during the buffet :) Here's a tip: this is a great place to hold large group dinners-- I have had two group dinners here (14 people+) and our table is always ready when we need it! They are also very good with splitting the bill amongst dinner groups and never rush us out the door. Fabulous food. Great prices. We will be back!!", 4, 40], "z1JbqkyseNVyDZb0Y97hVA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/1/2012", "Especially visited this restaurant for Indian Food.The worst Indian Food ever had.No proper service..Ordered Garlic Naan which was without garlic...Ordered spicy curries which were actually sweet...Complete Dinner was a mediocre....I would not suggest anyone dis place :( Complete waste of moneyUpdateThe owner messaged and apologized. She explained that they were short of staff that day because of the Apple Festival. Anyways, I appreciate her gesture and would likely visit again to give second try.", 1, 21], "Y55X_gKsfSDqipdU3UCZgQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/7/2012", "I had a meal delivered from Sangam through Ithaca to Go. It arrived well before the estimated delivery time and was fresh and hot. The samosas were a little spicy for my taste (I'm a weenie when it comes to spice), but they were well-cooked and weren't greasy. The mint and onion sauces were especially good. The naan was huge and really good.I got the chicken tikka sagwala, which was supposed to be chicken in a spinach and tomato sauce. What it actually was was chicken in a spinach sauce with a single little cube of tomato on the top of it. I didn't find another tomato in the whole dish. It was good, but it wasn't what I ordered, and I was overcharged for what I got, since the chicken sagwala is $2 cheaper than the tikka sagwala.Not bad food, but I think I still like Diamond's more.", 3, 26], "zrLJ4FojxJnds7A5dCsv7A": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/22/2012", "Without a doubt the best Indian food I have ever eaten. We have a couple of Indian cuisine restaurants close to home, but I will make the 35 mile one way trip just for Sangam. They have an excellent lunch buffet 7 days a week. The price is right and the restaurant is very clean. The owners are wonderfully friendly and the staff is courteous.", 5, 6], "AodPpzpQJ3LVU-pJKnKg5w": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/13/2011", "Generally the food is pretty good. I liked every dish that I ordered there. However, during busy times it's impossible to get any attention from the servers, and it's really dimly lit.", 3, 31], "eIUTxnXTu51muMvOWWdPTA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/17/2011", "Love love love love Sangam! The chicken tikka masala is like candy and I wish I could eat it every day. Mango lamb, lamb curry, and lamb korma are also excellent.", 4, 6], "brdYRIDCGaacWv4KEb3cKw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/16/2011", "Definitely a fan of Sangam! Advice for my friends out there trying to order take out: Each person who wants food, should call on their own phone so you guys can get separate rices. I hate it when they lump our orders together by putting our 6 orders of rice in one box. i ordered 6 dishes, i expect to get 6 rices. but other than that, I love Sangams. Mango chicken curry all the way!", 4, 7], "jkFZwhr9f9zzLmyCvjMQUg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/6/2011", "Sangam: An Ithaca/Collegetown staple...Location: GoodParking: OKHours: GoodFood: Very GoodDecor: OKService: OKPrice: OKConclusion: Go.", 3, 59], "OvoHNk7SriWNYooSnnTuew": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "2/5/2011", "Good food, horrible service. Expect to wait inordinate amounts of time waiting to ask for a table, waiting to order, waiting for the food, etc. My favorite dishes: Goa Fish Curry and Lamb Biryani.", 3, 47], "e0IduWbn9jvR5GUh7r6kcA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "11/10/2010", "I love this place for their Lunch Buffets for $7 it's a great deal and pretty good Indian food. Not a huge variety in terms of selection, but pretty decent. Although my friend did tell me they found a cockroach in his food... Mmmm curried cockroach. However, as far as my experiences go, amazing deal, good Indian food. Definitely stops my curry cravings.", 4, 94], "jIMIsyEx9kNtV6NqF79Fyw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/30/2010", "I've only gone here for the liunch buffett. Basically I like it as mcuh a sthe Indian restuarant off the commons (Diamonds)..... The buffett can use a bit more variety but they always have dosas at their buffet, and desert too, unlike Daimnds.", 3, 49], "QpzeGFaMadMOQwfTkfDneA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/25/2010", "Yum!!I've only been here for a sit-down meal once, and that was pretty good, but I really only go here for the buffet at lunch, because it's only $7! The buffet is usually the same thing everyday; sometimes the dishes change (mango chicken vs. chicken tikka or something). The staples for me are the tandoori chicken and the naan. The naan is nice and fluffy and the tandoori chicken is really moist. There are always a few different curry dishes, a potato dish, rice and salad. I love their onion chutney and mint chutney. Sometimes the staff is slow to clear plates and refill water glasses.Definitely a good place to go on a college student's budget.", 4, 103], "_sRwZQjrR901RPSsySA5iw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/1/2010", "Tasty Indian food at bargain prices. Don't miss the samosa and make sure you get the sweet onion chutney. A good alternative to fast food.", 3, 7], "GYOi_fh1kLtim24a12rsxw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "6/27/2010", "Enjoyable food. You can park on the street and parking isn't too competitive. The atmosphere is not fancy or too appealing but I rarely go out for special occasions so I'm more interested in the food. Service is nothing special and for such a small restaurant, they could stand to be more friendly and attentive. I ordered something that I considered was fairly spicy but my spice tolerance is pretty high (I can't remember what it's called). If you can't really handle spice and the waitress tells you it's spicy, I'd definitely go with something more mild because they can't lessen the spice level, at least not with my dish. I really like Indian food and the food here is pretty good so I will continue to return but it's not my absolute favorite place in town. Definitely better than the Indian food in Wegmans!", 4, 5], "LVQcYeLWML6v3OwGAqpTVQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "3/23/2010", "I was excited to try Sangam after reading some of the positive reviews here. When we want good Indian food, my boyfriend and I usually travel almost an hour to India House in Liverpool. We hoped that Sangam would serve as a closer substitute, but we were disappointed.The decor isn't the best, but as long as a restaurant is clean and the food tastes good, decor has little impact. Unfortunately, we didn't think the food was that great.The meat samosas were good, as were the condiments that came with them (especially the spiced onions and tomatoes). The chicken pakora was overly greasy on the outside and dry on the inside.The lamb vindaloo was very, very spicy and flavorful. We also ordered aloo gobhi masala, chicken shahi korma, and garlic naan. Those items were overly salty, and the chicken was not tender at all. I'm used to having Indian food with meat so tender that it falls apart when I cut it with a fork, but this meat required a knife.The rice we received had big chunks of rice stuck together as though it had been scraped up from the bottom of a serving pan.The worst part was that I didn't even have time to leave the restaurant without experiencing the \"ill effects\" of the food. There are so many great reviews of Sangam here, so it seems like we managed to catch them on a very, very bad day. Sadly, any place that makes me ill is not worthy of a return visit.", 3, 48], "1yBmaQ5twul0cujzj4Mjng": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "10/5/2009", "As far as I know, if you want a straight-up Indian joint in Ithaca, it's either Sangam or Diamond (downtown). I think Sangam is much better and their buffet is a great value. The food is delicious and it's convenient if you're around collegetown. If you're downtown, I still would say it's worth the trip up the hill if you want Indian food. The atmosphere is comfortable and quiet (good place to chat). They don't make anything spicy, but it seems like everywhere in Ithaca serves very mild food unless you specifically request it to be very hot- in which case it will still not be that hot, but could be described then as spicy.", 4, 9], "WSGCVAzunCipxi5pZRicQA": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "8/21/2009", "I'm originally from the Bay Area, which is also pretty much Little Asia, and I have a lot of close friends from home who are Indian, so I've pretty much grown up with fine Indian dining.Let me tell you, this place is amazing! First of all, they have BUFFET. EVERY DAY. FOR $6.95. AND IT'S AMAZING! Their rice is endless, their Naan is soft, their chicken curry is savory... and mmm... their dessert kheer... drool. It's basically the same stuff for buffet every day, but the vegetarian options can vary day to day. Still, it's enough of a variety for you to feel very, very satisfied afterwards... Indian food induces such glorious food comas... (by the way, it's pretty much impossible to climb up Dryden Road without barfing if you eat too much so practice curry in moderation).This place is perfect for a college town, because you can go there and stuff your face for cheap and then not have to eat for the rest of the day. HOORAY for poor college students! HOWEVER... if you don't go for buffet, the dishes can get pretty pricey.Lastly, if you're missing another classic Indian dessert, you can go next door to the grocery store and buy Kulfi. Sweet.", 5, 118], "TEn34MLgkBrRAI90LNaiMg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "5/12/2009", "Looks sketchy, but has a mean lunch buffet deal for $6.95 with tasty food that reminds me of New York City. Highest compliment coming from me. I just wish they would brighten up the lights. Otherwise, this place is great as a date, a hangout to catch up with friends, or just to eat Indian food solo upstate (never thought this was possible, but Sangam proved me wrong).", 3, 66], "Cg7xvSc4X_Uyjg7hZ82CRg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "4/13/2009", "I looveee the lunch buffet here. The selection is decent, but everything tastes pretty good. The $6.95 price for the buffet keeps me coming back here, even whenever I visit Cornell (graduated in 2008).", 5, 96], "RJeN2kJuHg8Z_daBNp4bEw": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "1/1/2009", "The Sangam in Ithaca Center on the Commons is just a tiny Indian food stand with three or four selections, like saag, vegetable curry, chicken curry, and rice. Sometimes they have naan, sometimes not. They also have lassi listed although I haven't ever asked for it, as well as cold soft drinks and juices. Behind the counter there is a small section of dusty-looking Indian spices and chutneys that are for sale; I doubt anyone buys these because you can get fresher cooking ingredients at Greenstar or Wegmans.The food stand, however, is a decent place for a super cheap meal. The quality isn't great, but portions are big and it beats the usual quick meals of pizza and burritos.", 3, 8], "kP00PoqdS8X57wsez6jJjg": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/17/2007", "I'll admit that I was turned off by the look of the place from the outside. Inside isn't all that better - sketchy is a good word for it.As far as the food goes, it's okay for Indian food. I'm no connoisseur, but everything was edible, tasty even, and your body suffers no ill effects.* If you're coming from campus, it's pretty much your only choice for Indian. That said, I prefer the restaurant downtown...*That's not meant to damn with faint praise.", 3, 51], "JEBB7oeLsltgu7aAGnY0XQ": ["Yelp", "Sangam Indian Cuisine", "7/13/2007", "**4 stars for food****2.5 stars for service**I never really liked Indian cuisine before I went to Sangam. And it wasn't really love at first. The decor is okay, the environment is relaxing. The dark ambience works well for dinners, but makes the place seem slightly sketchy during lunch service. The lunch buffet, which is what most people know them for, is okay if you know what you like, but lacks focus and can fill you up quickly with things you wished you hadn't tried. The service is very inconsistent and generally worsens during peak hours. Once I called in a takeout and arrived half an hour later to find that they never put my order in the kitchen! !?! They didn't apologize for the mix-up and pretended nothing was wrong.But service aside, you can find some real gems among the dishes. I first fell in love with Sangam after a friend introduced me to their lamb korma. It was so amazing I thought about it for a week afterward, my mouth watering with lust. Another time, I tried a friend's shrimp saag and again, my mouth mourned for days afterward, missing the warm comfort of gooey spinach mingled with fresh shrimp. Their fluffy and fragrant basmati rice makes a great compliment to any dish. The meat samosas are better than the vegetable counterparts and make tasty appetizers if you're ever pressed for time hosting a dinner party. Sangam is a great place to eat if you're with friends and have a good idea of what you really like. Don't count on the service and be prepared to wait awhile if they're busy. For orders to go, walk in and order instead of trying to call ahead. If you're new to the gig, give the lamb korma and samosas a try ... mmmm.", 4, 99]}
{"zRU7ieeEVRYoiAjtEwNVcg": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "11/11/2018", "Dennis was a wonderful, understanding employee. There was a spill in the store, and he was able to balance both a high level customer service and cleanup efforts. We hope he pursues his career in archaeology!", 5, 0], "9zgU6e40yjHaEdU3SIapNw": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "1/17/2017", "Ok. Jason's. We get it. The only place open late, with overpriced everything. But that is not what has made me disgruntled. Every time I buy something here, it is expired! In December 2016, I inspected all 9 remaining Ithaca Hummus containers, LITERALLY all of them were expired and some had bacteria growing inside the container. I told the staff. They did not take them out of the fridge, rather they said, \"oh thank you for telling us.\" Today's date is January 17th and I just bought ketchup that expired on DECEMBER 26th! This place is gross. I know a lot of food is safe to eat after expiration, but the fact that there is FRESH FOOD THAT IS SOLD EVEN AFTER EXPIRATION IS A HEALTH HAZARD. The hummus had expired HAD BEEN SITTING FOR THREE DAYS AFTER EXPIRATION. I am wondering when the next drunkard buys something and gets a bacterial sickness. Anyways, that's all. The staff is usually really nice, so I can't be too mean. Clearly the management has an incentive to sell expired produce to enlarge profits. Perhaps he is to blame.", 1, 5], "BJLejNNruP1XtHaclN1FjA": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "9/28/2014", "Jason's is a great Collegetown store. It has what you need in a pinch- from food to medicine. Jason even accomodated for my dietary needs and got dairy-free froyo. It makes my day!", 5, 4], "5a8xvHv-Z6ILqAQyjpqNTw": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "6/26/2013", "Really good froyo! Employees are always really friendly. I recommend the Columbo flavors personally, but the other stuff is good too.", 5, 2], "gZO4A8Dfj1y86NmG6g8FdA": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "3/29/2013", "Solid place, good beer selection, extremely friendly staff and avocados available year round. They serve froyo as well but I've never had it", 4, 2], "yUlCYrvsMaXJ2O16hN-kkg": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "3/29/2011", "I just had a flash back. Going to Jason's the day before St. Paddy's Day to buy a 6-pack of Guinness. Completely sober 21 year old. I hand JASON my ID. \"I don't think so,\" he says. I'm confused, did I hand him the wrong ID? No its a 100% authentic ID with my picture. \"What's wrong with my ID?\" I ask. \"No way are you 21.\" \"My birthdate is on the ID. Can't you scan it or something?\" \"No, you look like you're in high school. You can leave now.\"Flabbergasted that a business owner could be that rude, I leave. Stunned.Then I walk down the street to Wilson Farms and buy the Guinness with no problem. I walk back to Jason's to flip him off and tell him I will never spend money at his store again. Someone else is working the counter and they say he left for the night.I never got to say F*** YOU to JASON because I never bought anything from his shitty store again. But if you ever read this... F*** YOU!", 1, 31], "YK-zrEok_FmkdNmAZuu31w": ["Yelp", "Jason\u2019s Grocery & Deli", "3/5/2011", "Great frozen yogurt-it's healthy, there are fat free an low fat options as well as a fully stocked toppings bar. It is help yourself as the total cost is done by weight. It is $7 per pound, which sounds expensive...but given the fact that its soft-serve, you get a lot. I filled a small bowl for 2.25 complete with a scoop (yes a scoop!) of cookie dough. It actually came to about 3.00 but the guy gave me a break since that was all I had at the time.Also has solid prices for various groceries, a good selection for a small gas station sized market. Go there for the froyo if nothing else.", 4, 4]}
{"r_lOQdpoUFp0N25-AUqy-A": ["Yelp", " Calios", "2/19/2018", "My second Calios location. Huge fan of the concept and it is great late night drunk food. The loaded tots are great and my favorite calzone is a tie between the potato and black and Bleu.Sadly, a bit overpriced. I know Ithaca is influenced more directly by the NYC market, but it is weird for me to get the same exact order from Henrietta and Ithaca and see a difference of 10-15 dollars. Kind of a mind blow.But, they were fast, food was good and hot, and I will probably continue to frequent there when visiting Cornell.", 4, 3], "NSZ99EUaJBo0SUKSLGTFCg": ["Yelp", " Calios", "11/27/2017", "Decent calzones and great variety but the best part about calios is it's open until 4am, absolutely great for late night meals.", 4, 0], "E8fRcSDS2rC6LEHzkYhzXg": ["Yelp", " Calios", "10/6/2017", "Best thing about the place is the door, because once you open it you can leave. These calzones are soggy and the service is poor. Yelp will not let me give a zero star but that is my rating.", 1, 2], "PQsjetwvhv4cYOAdActpQw": ["Yelp", " Calios", "10/5/2017", "I follow a very comprehensive calzone review Instagram page and never has a Calio's calzone been rated above a 7.8 out of 10 and many calzones have earned abysmal ratings below 5, which is likely the threshold of edibility for a toasted Italian bread pie. These statistics warrant a 2 or 3-star review, but I elected to choose 1-star based on moral principles. Now that I hear Calio's is no longer accepting it's own coupons, I plan to file a lawsuit under the New York State Consumer Protection Act to bring justice to these phonies who already sell customers short by offering subpar calzones on a nightly basis. SHAME ON CALIO's. SHAME ON THEIR JANK-ASS CALZONES.", 1, 4], "AzDdeT5V_QOYSibaAMISRA": ["Yelp", " Calios", "7/6/2017", "Best calzone in Ithaca. Granted I've only tried two other places, but still.", 4, 1], "OyfXpi4ugGLinjKdtgkUOQ": ["Yelp", " Calios", "6/27/2017", "Best thing about this place is that it's one of the few places open in collegetown until 4am, so it's a good place to satisfy those late night munchies.However -- the calzones are a bit doughy so some bites are completely lacking in filling. Which is passable, because honestly, I love my carb/meat/cheese combination foods. But the one time I ordered their mozzarella sticks turned me from a fan to a reluctant only-if-dying-for-calzones customer. Their mozzarella sticks might as well be straight from the freezer, barely heated up for 30 seconds, and then tossed in a box -- and it's 8 (or so) sad little sticks for the same cost of a calzone. Somehow, the mozzarella sticks across the street at 7/11 are better (don't knock it 'til you try it). The mozzarella sticks in the frozen section at Wegman's are DEFINITELY better.TL;DR: get DP Dough if it's open, do not, under any circumstances, get the mozz sticks.", 3, 3], "Q8wuSYsxkc0olSfdOQvjHg": ["Yelp", " Calios", "5/9/2017", "I like this place! The staff is nice, it's super clean, and they have a lot of options. They also make everything fresh! You also get a lot of food for what you pay for. You can easily get 2 meals out of 1 calzone.", 4, 3]}
{"7p8HeeVVPXVb4gzUdib0ig": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "5/19/2018", "I ordered a cheesecake online for local delivery for a birthday party and Racquel personally ensured that all went smoothly. And I have learned that the cheesecake was as delicious as the service was great! Thank you Racquel!!", 5, 0], "iJlJ-8SO1r9Oc3Y5qdnNlw": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "9/2/2017", "Racquel was a god send. She baked 16 dozen cupcakes for use at a local wedding. We are from out of town and she was incredibly helpful and responsive as we negotiated all of the order details from afar. They looked amazing and they rated even better.", 5, 0], "ZA3bG-gLj62-2-kedDX5nw": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "5/28/2017", "We live in Cincinnati. We ordered a cake online for celebration of two Cornell graduates in our family. Racquel was easy to work with via email. We ordered a 12 inch 3 layer chocolate cake with raspberry filling and raspberry butter cream frosting and lettering with congratulations. Racquel made arrangements for us to be able to pick up cake on a Sunday! All 25 people loved the cake including a foodie attending culinary institute. I wish we lived in Ithaca!Racquel exceeded all our expectations.", 5, 2], "AX69Yq8yps8X8FcuNRRD_Q": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "3/10/2017", "So impressed with the cake!!! We requested a low sugar, lactose free cake and it was wonderful! Racquel uses naturally lower in sugar ingredients and substituted coconut milk for regular milk. Vanilla cake and lemon filling was delicious and didn't taste at all like an alternate option, it was actually up there with the best cakes I've had. Everyone was so impressed by the taste and the look. It looked very professional. She also was happy to arrange a simple and convenient pickup and was so nice! We'll definitely be buying from here again!!!", 5, 0], "FSaMKWZ9kt3U6e73EEGhjw": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "8/1/2016", "Simply amazing!! Racquel provided desserts for my wedding of 160+ Cakes, pies, brownies and lemon bars, everything was absolutely delicious AND beautiful. She worked with us to provide exactly what we were looking for and everyone raved about the dessert. Great way to end the evening!", 5, 2], "oaDTFKntFfSIOXn2CysoNw": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "5/1/2016", "Just want to thank Raquel for a beautiful cake!  She took alot of time with me and made a gorgeous cake for my daughters birthday. We are far away and knowing we could have it delivered was a big plus!  Raquel herself delivered the cake! Wonderful experience!", 5, 2], "a_FEeR7uE6OyqQ_gN9ZXaA": ["Yelp", "Sinfully Delicious Baking Co.", "4/12/2016", "Amazing! We were in Ithaca for my husband's birthday wknd and ordered a cake from Racquel. She was extremely helpful and accommodating. There's a huge selection of cake/frosting combinations and everything is customizable. We ended up with an organic chocolate cake with salted caramel butter cream - delivered straight to the restaurant. It was a huge hit with everyone. Delicious and beautifully decorated!If we're ever back in town, I will definitely be ordering another cake!", 5, 3]}
{"0GeF30i5naZyCHYnTUjOzQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/12/2019", "We really enjoy this Thai place every time we are in Ithaca. Service is warm and friendly, even on very busy days. Consistent favorites include the pad kee mao (thai spicy noodle), eggplant, and green curry. If there's a brief wait for a table, walk to the Ithaca bakery across the street for a quick coffee or dessert before dinner!", 5, 0], "7Cf4IZfyCMXV7eNHJ9uyDw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/7/2018", "I've eaten at the restaurant before and the quality and portions were very good. Unfortunately my delivery order was dismal. The curry was more like soup wih a couple of pieces of chicken and potatoe. The appetizer wasnt in the order at all. I paid for delivery fee and had tipped. When I called, the woman had zero customer service skills saying they just do it differently for delivery. I really wanted to have a better experience and tried several times for her to turn it around. But she was more interested in getting me off the phone. Ir was not representative of the quality they have delivered in the past. We host a lot of airbnb guests and influence purchasing decisions often. Maybe the management needs to make some staffing changes. Folks I'm going back to Taste of Thai Express.", 1, 0], "hZsg8jSzFOQ1Tm_v4xeXDA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/2/2018", "Interior of restaurant is dingy and dirty. I ordered a soup which was very good, but the fried squid I ordered with it came out dry and flavorless. When I asked that this be removed from my bill, instead of apologizing for or checking on the quality of the dish, the waitress became abusive, yelling at me and insisting that all fried food is equally dry and flavorless and that I ordered it so I have to pay for it. Steer clear of this place!! Saigon kitchen is cleaner, the food is fresher (try the fried squid!) and the servers understand customer service. Tamarind should be left to go out of business. It is a stain on Ithaca's restaurant scene.", 1, 0], "5NeGMHFxtaRYFp9mSmiJ-g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/17/2018", "Passable as Thai food, but it really could have been so much better. Ordered pad see ew, felt that it was under seasoned, and tasted a bit bland, was no longer warm all the way through. Service wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about. You can have a far better experience elsewhere.", 2, 0], "2hDLzr5_QWMtzSSsT2h19Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/11/2018", "I've been here for a couple of times. While everything I've tried is very tasty, their quality of food and costumer service depends on how busy they are. On my most recent visit I got the Tom Yum spicy and sour soup with chicken. For a cold and rainy day it was perfect. This soup contains a very rich broth with lemon grass, tomatoes, mushrooms, chicken and onions floating on the broth. Although it was very fulfilling, I would definitely recommend to order it with some eggrolls just for more substance (I was hungry again like 1/2 hr after). Cons - Restaurant is very small- they are often very busy during lunch/dinner hours", 4, 1], "6PjCHfMuxflhJ1mQKO6bJg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/7/2018", "It's a good place for Thai food. Pad thai and pad see ew is generally good, but the beef seems to be overcooked.", 4, 0], "kSjgdk8g1rdnAbkG1l_J8g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/23/2018", "One of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca. I've always went during off times, so I've had pretty good experiences with the service. And the food is SO worth the prices!!! I always get a noodle dish (or two!) like the classic Pad Thai or Drunken Noodle, and convince whoever I'm eating with to get a curry dish. I usually don't like curry, but this restaurant has changed my mind and persuaded me to try more exotic flavors even elsewhere.", 4, 0], "UXgOYz4sV_txzwOlLWoD8A": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/22/2018", "Tamarind is my favorite restaurant in Ithaca but their delivery system is absolutely terrible. Here's what happened to us.7:30 - order through beyond menu8:30 - follow up call and they told us that the order will take another hour because they just received the \"fax\" from beyond menu, so we decided to just go pick it up at the restaurant in 15min8:45 - arrive at the restaurant and the cashier tells us that the delivery driver has our food, then tells US to call the delivery guy for the location of our food9:10 - get back to our house and meet up with the driverterrible delivery experience overall, can def do better", 1, 0], "gfc9PS7sOdAqVskG15ol_A": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/21/2018", "We've been to the two other Thai places and thought this place wouldn't be great because of its location and rating (why haven't we seen it on yelp before now????). We came at 9:30 because it was the only place open. The building is not appealing but this place is GREAT. The Pad Thai is really nice, the Mango Chicken is a favorite and the Spicy Basil is also great. GO HERE!!!!!!! If your experience is anything like ours you'll want to go again.", 5, 0], "MTJpB_dQ8u0a9OjXhmzrrg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/20/2018", "1 Star because there's no option to give negative 5 stars. The seating area is very limited and the staff is incapable of handling how busy it gets. My friend and I went on a Monday night because we were craving Thai and he recommended this place. We came in around 630pm and the restaurant was in full swing -- all the seating was taken so the waitress kept assuring us that we'll be seated in 5 minutes. Shorter Asian lady (probably the manager? Definitely not the owner though) gave us glasses and kept pouring our waters as we awkwardly stood at the by the register. The people in front of us were waiting too and the waitress had to thread the needle to get around us to the tables. She then asked us for our order so that it can be ready once she clears the tables. An hour and some change later (745ish) we're still standing their in the height of the craziness and though tables were clearing up and we were getting ready to be seated, in walks in a family of 5 and the Asian lady spouts at the waitress \"Seat the family there\" and points to the two tables that just opened up. The waitress told the Asian lady \"but they've been waiting here for an hour!\" (Actually more than that) and gestured at us and the Asian lady just repeated to seat the family instead. Really unfair -- I guess they wanted to make more profit but the Asian lady dismissed us. We weren't going to wait another hour so we left. I was so angry I accidentally took the water glass with me because it was still in my hand when we were walking out. Whoops. They'll get it back whenever they decide to seat me.", 1, 6], "Zf3IyQeGnR62VT600Wmijg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/2/2018", "The delivery was much faster than anticipated! More importantly, the food was actually really good. The chicken teriyaki is a great deal--you get a lot of good quality meat with a generous side of rice. Also, the chicken pad see ew is excellent: not too sweet and not too sauce-y. I will absolutely be ordering from here again.", 5, 0], "2AKpFrY7N3zkZRc5D2Qhyw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/17/2018", "First time here. Excellent food and service. We had a group of five and everything I tasted was excellent. This is my new fav Thai restaurant.", 5, 0], "9RL04QumUq0L1sY-99rXSA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/6/2018", "This makes me sad to write, as Tamarind used to be one of our favorite Thai spots. That being said, any time we have ordered takeout, we consistently are given noodle dish portions that are half full at best. That isn't a dinner portion. Period. It's not even a lunch portion. In the pictures we hadn't eaten a single bite, and slid the food over to the side so you could see how empty it is. Other places in town fill the containers...what gives?! Also, this time we got an added bonus of a literal fly in my soup.", 2, 1], "eQgCnybmgwvohfmiOJBNbg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/2/2018", "First time here. There are a few dishes which I would order to determine the authenticity and tastiness of Thai food. They are: Pad See Ewe, Tom Yum Soup, Yum Woon Sen & mango sticky rice.Overall, the food is average. Too salty overall, a little lacking flavors in pad see ewe and the ingredients and spices used are not too authentic of Thai dishes.", 3, 0], "c9qN4MAndewopGiCHPwx1g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/8/2018", "We went here for a work lunch with about 10 of us. They were very accommodating. Our food came quickly and was delicious. I think everyone enjoyed their meals! I had the pad thai and now I want it again. I can't wait to try this place again!", 5, 0], "TbWavtpxXL6G6U1V2XA3Pw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/7/2018", "The food is 50/50, some days it is very good and other days it is terrible and full of oil. Ordering on the phone is a nightmare, you will think you are calling to get free tickets to Beyonce's concert, they don't answer the phone, when they do they put you on long hold, last time the waitress told me she was too busy to take my credit card and to call her back if I wanted my order processed (by the way I was spending almost $60 for our family dinner).If you really want Thai and are willing to \"beg\" for it )even though you are paying a lot of money) then yes give them a shot otherwise try Vietnamese.There is another Thai restaurant \"Thai express\" on the same road, they have excellent service but their food is terrible (like Chinese food with a hint of Thai spices).", 2, 0], "lCrZ2pvx1VVkoprI8HSx0w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/4/2018", "I heard excellent reviews about this place. I have ordered Veg spring rolls, Thai spicy noodles, Red curry and Thai iced tea to go. The order was ready within no time. Tea was great. I got fresh rolls instead of spring rolls. The noodles was really good. The red curry was a disaster, though. It looked like as if there were a couple of tofu pieces floating in a sea of oil. I had to throw away like 90% of the dish, which I usually hate doing.", 2, 0], "mJr_vwECsuPzaHQHnR7GxA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/3/2017", "Exemplary service form start to finish. Great food, well balanced flavors, reasonably priced, and a lovely ambiance. Best thai food in town. Will return frequently.", 5, 0], "4nty5HwYfgAzPRAm24Gqww": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/4/2017", "The food is very good. Every time I went there, I placed order on yelp. This is a true Thai restaurant, unlike other Americanized food. Service is good. There isn't much choices in this area but I recommend this restaurant.", 5, 0], "AOMGwOlu2OH15JHSjae1GQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/25/2017", "This was some of the best Thai food I've ever had. I ordered the BBQ duck over rice and it was perfect. The duck was not dry and tasted great", 5, 0], "TCbp-nGTH3g7t4qR8N6Ovw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/22/2017", "Best thai food in Ithaca. The food is much better in person than delivery, but it has a really great and fast delivery service nonetheless. I always order the pad see ew, spring rolls, and thai iced tea. Reasonably priced for good food!", 4, 1], "I0fBGD0Y5m0ny0pEC5jzJg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/10/2017", "Nice quiet spot for lunch! The server was so professional and knowledgeable.  He was very attentive (but not overbearing) and asked questions to be sure exactly how spicy we all wanted our meals.The fresh rolls were so nice, as were the sauces served with them. The red curry was also great. Bravo on the Tom Kha soup--not watered down at all, very coconutty!", 4, 0], "ryL4xN-FgXocctw4CkSroA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/9/2017", "Service was pleasant and attentive but very slow. Only 7 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet our whole visit - 3 people - took an hour and a quarter. Food was okay; nothing amazing. Sukiyaki was good but cabbage was so large in the soup it was difficult to eat. My table mates said the pad Thai was greasy, the Tom Kha soup was strange, and the pad See Ew was fine. In all, aside from the super slow service, it was fine, but I'd probably not return.", 3, 1], "GLGVz-rcmzWBJNV5NGCo2Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/30/2017", "Best Thai in Ithaca! Service and food are a step above all the others. We will be back!!", 5, 0], "xllCOPoG2GtOP1ukFC1gcg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/24/2017", "Beautiful restaurant. The service is kind of slow but all of the staff is nice. The food was to die for!!! I got pat see ew and spring rolls. However the plates they serve the food on are chipped....", 5, 0], "OMG3wCWq7GhG8e_1vs9FFQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/19/2017", "We had called and asked for delivery at 6:30pm paying with a credit card. At 7:45 pm we called asking questions about where our order was and are told that it is on our way. We call again at 8:15 pm and got some crap story about how things are busy with delivery and people are lying to the delivery person about their addresses but it \"will be there in 10 minutes\". Giving them the extreme benefit of the doubt, we wait until 8:50 pm and call again and ask to speak with the Manager. We are told that they are not available at this time because they are getting supplies (an hour before they close). Okay, I'm not in the restaurant business so I then as to speak with the shift leader on duty and am told, \"No, they are busy\". I politely explained the reason I wished to talk with a charge person and asked again to speak with the shift leader am am told, \"you don't want the food then?\" I explain that we would like a refund and to speak to a manager and am told, \"will get the money back to you\" and they hung up on me. Not ordering from here again....EVER.", 1, 0], "XVTc9NV7xI1whddPSMzbPw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/14/2017", "The food here is amazing! I come to this restaurant almost once a week and am always greeted by very friendly staff. I have ordered the duck noodles, bbq pork, bbq duck, tempura veggies, beef noodles, papaya salad, duck salad, chicken satay, pad thai, drunken noodle, pork bulgogi, coconut soup, curry, mango sticky rice, and the Thai custard. I would highly recommend all of them!", 5, 0], "2J8LcdOBeHCqlbYZoyvqdw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/12/2017", "Really delicious & friendly staff! Love that in the curries their tofu is crispier than a lot of places in town.", 4, 0], "IXVByuzpb_AHy8vUPsXg6w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/7/2017", "Their food is beyond great for sure, and the prices are pretty cheap compared to other restaurants. Besides the waitress or manager whose name is Nunu (I'm not sure if I spelled it right..) always takes good care of customers. My husband and I go there every week and she always greets us pleasantly no matter how busy they are. I'm pretty sure that this restaurant is the best Thai restaurant in Ithaca!", 5, 0], "9z-h1xou87gHbqCav1Y7XA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/4/2017", "Delivery time took 2 hours!!!!! And staffs not responding to calls either. Foods are already cold when it get here. Suggest going somewhere if you want fast service and good food.", 1, 1], "Lt7w6zI1uo_hRPlclGYQYg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/18/2017", "Places an order for take out. Took 30-45 minutes Get home and it's wrong After explaining my situation to 4 separate people, they don't offer any solution NEVER AGAIN.", 1, 4], "xqMiKegr28NDzsjxkXiNZw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/27/2016", "Tamarind's Tom Kha soup plays a huge role in fighting my Seasonal Affective Disorder", 5, 1], "lF21AEu0wjd4C--6TTgqlw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/23/2016", "My third or fourth experience dining here recently was takeout. I'd had lunch a couple of times before and had really boring, bland unexceptional food experiences and average service. Unfortunately, the recent takeout experience was quite poor.We ordered tom kha soup, pad see ew, and red curry. The pad see ew was bland, but unflawed, lacking good wok quality, but having relatively fresh ingredients. The tom kha soup was listless, tasting like coconut milk straight from the can with some fish sauce added and some wilted vegetables in it. Kinda gross and uninspired. The curry was the greatest sin, an inedible stew of burnt and metallic tasting sauce, bitter and searing. I was surprised they served it, it was completely unpalatable.", 2, 2], "rtmL7EX7V2wN6PuJbBJvRw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/17/2016", "Great, easy Thai spot. Our go to. Love their curries and they are not shy with spices which we love! Good service too!", 5, 0], "YSmNJLAucDmaxKeDr2XbwQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/10/2016", "Pad see ew with tofu was excellent, my friends add pad oration with scrimp and massaman curry with chicken and loved it. We did take out but I have eaten in several times, service is always excellent and the place is not noisy even when crowded.", 5, 0], "Rklgg_hINPUQdMPymoA7VQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/12/2016", "I stopped by after went to Booksales on Sunday in May for lunch. I had Basil beef +5 star spicy, it served with rice and it was great and tasty. The server was look like Asian Lady. I asked her for hot tray,too and she brought it for me. Overall, I had a great experience and happy with my lunch and will definitely be back.", 5, 0], "KuuLCKZflvH6NvB6VnHT0g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/27/2016", "Came here for dinner with friends.Food - 5Very good food. Now i only tried one dish (bulgogi) and my friends had a dish each, so i can't vouch for everything. However, everything we ordered was delicious.Atmosphere - 4The place doesn't look special from the outside, but it has a nice homey vibe inside. Nothing really special, but a good feel.Service - 5Overall, very good service. Water was refilled. Food came quickly. Orders were taken on time. Value - 3.5So far this has been the best Thai place in Ithaca for me. Prices are comparable to other places and are very reasonable. Food and service make for a worthwhile trip here.", 4, 0], "EYKxh2SwKbROWMfHDiBY2A": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/3/2016", "Really poor delivery service. Took more than an hour for the order to get to us. Food is mediocre but what do you expect in ithaca. Thai tea is really sweet but better than Thai basil. I never bother to give reviews on Yelp but this really pisses me off.", 1, 0], "adqcOYBXRPfqDixN9k_Mog": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/25/2016", "Good Thai food. We got the Pad Thai noodles, Red Curry, Spicy Basil. All of them were very good. Red Curry slightly on the creamer side due to the coconut milk I assume. Other than the calorie aspect this added to the taste. Tom Yum soup also came out very well - ask for level 2; we asked for 3 & was slightly hotter than expected. Restaurant has parking so one less headache.", 4, 0], "QR9NqcovU9C8Qozp7L4R6Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/16/2016", "I got the pad khing with beef and a spice level of 4. It was absolutely delicious, I wasn't sure what to expect because I've never had it before but it was so good. I got the fried tofu as an appetizer and that was also delicious, the sweet and sour dipping sauce with crushed peanuts was yummy", 5, 0], "vXxi2t4gr8Jyw-xI2R5diw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/23/2016", "The Thai food was great! I came here for dinner with some friends and we ordered the pad Thai, pineapple fried rice, masaman curry with shrimp, sukiyaki, and the Thai custard with sticky rice. All of the dishes were delicious and had nice portion sizes! My favorite dish was the pad Thai. The sauce used was delicious and the noodles were chewy and perfectly cooked. The masaman curry was really good too! The coconut in the curry made it smell great.The only problem I had was that the service was really slow. There were only two people working for dinner that night. The table was a little small as well, we had trouble fitting all four dishes. I recommend trying the desserts though! The Thai custard was super tasty. I definitely want to come back again.", 4, 0], "brIfvfF0PPGD8IvuxZvXPg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "1/17/2016", "I have really enjoyed Tamarind Thai!The restaurant itself is very quaint and charming. Nice for a date night or dinner with friends, unlike some other casual restaurants.My favorites: the fried squid, roti appetizer (the curry sauce is SO good), and the Gaeng Dang Curry. On many recommendations, I tried the Choo Chee Duck, but it was too fried for my taste. Also, the papaya salad was either missing dressing or doesn't come with much/any dressing to speak of (I ordered it delivery so can't confirm).", 4, 0], "JJdw-9NVCCiL1NJtOFNLqg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/17/2015", "Pad Thai is my favorite! They make it just as per specifications. Not to forget, their soups are amazing!Try the spring rolls too!! It will take a few orders to taste the good stuff in the menu!", 4, 0], "0IVWnARug1lyVkUEGsXW0w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/5/2015", "We stopped for lunch after hiking some of the parks nearby. Lunch included soup which was a little boring, but nice considering we weren't expecting it.Boyfriend and I ordered pad see ew (medium) and pad thai (medium). We were both crying and sweating after a few minutes- it was so hot! Despite that, it was delicious.Great service and a cozy little place.", 4, 2], "M2ybzXYZfbaNM6ConEv-Nw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/18/2015", "I recommended steam dumpling and chicken satay for an appetizer. The chicken is very moist and tender. Their dumpling is fresh since I notice some restaurants used frozen dumpling. The Tom Kha Kai (soup) is the best by far even my 9yrs old son ask to come back again the next day(he typically a pasta, pizza and sandwiches boy). For our main course we had the chili basil crispy duck and stir fry sukiyaki. Both dishes were flavorful taste authentic to the native thai. The server are very nice, polite and attentive.", 5, 0], "vGRmQkUOqTaZ3iMsFbl3Ew": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/15/2015", "Great experience at tamarind. Walked in at 830 on a Saturday night and was seated immediately. Appetizers and dinner were served quickly. Everything tasted amazing! We recommend the massaman curry(sweet creamy flavor) and the pad see ew, and the Thai BBq chicken.", 5, 1], "mcalTqrQA0wR39waNcszPQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/15/2015", "The service was so nice. The restaurant looks a little dingy from the outside but the inside is a nice atmosphere. The chicken satay, papaya salad and fresh rolls are so good!!!! The beef pad see ew and the mass an curry were delicious as well! I would only say that be careful of the spiciness level because they ask how spicy you want it and it's crazy hot even when \"mild\".", 4, 0], "AkNFv3NX2U1WUzoPqvKTbw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/8/2015", "This place is great and served the best crispy duck I have ever had! All the dishes were fantastic and the service was warm and friendly. If you want Thai food in Ithaca, this is the place to come.", 5, 0], "qhNg0W0b0ZEzv15GixSgEA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/13/2015", "Their food is good. That's not my concern. I've been there twice in the last year, and the place is really dirty. The bathroom is not cleaned well, the windows were full of dead flies and grime, and the table linens were not truly clean. I worry that if the presentational part of the restaurant is that grimy, how clean is the kitchen? Truly, I have worried about food poisoning each time I ate there (with friends who wanted to go there).", 1, 0], "yvZZZLBW-kmATpbbY_6-wQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/28/2015", "Hands down the best Thai in Ithaca and easily my favorite restaurant here overall. Service is outstanding but in-house and for takeout-- I once ordered for pickup, got there about ten minutes earlier than they told me it would be ready, and they sat me down with water and chatted with me while I waited. Their duck dishes are definitely some of the best on the menu, and I will always get their thai iced tea and tom yum too.", 5, 0], "wNxAHsdr_K2l_sUQWZurCg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/10/2015", "Got horrible food poisoning from the green curry. What else can i say :/", 1, 0], "Q5jtw2BtTi_j853x_qPR4Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/1/2015", "Food: My friends from Thailand agree that Tamarind is the closest thing in Ithaca to authentic Thai food. They have decent variety on their menu, which also includes common Chinese and Korean dishes, but we usually stick to the Thai cuisine. The food is spicy and flavorful, if a bit on the sweeter side. I usually get noodles of some sort, like the Pad See Ew, and my wife likes the duck dishes. Curries and Pad Thai are also popular, but I find them average.Service: The restaurant seems a bit small from the outside, but we don't usually have trouble finding a table. Waitresses are friendly and quick to take your order or refill your glass. In fact, my minor complaint would be that after the food is served, they come around too often to check on the food. Again, very minor complaint.Value: Recommended for their Thai food, which is not outstanding, but still among the best in the area. The menu has many options compared to Taste of Thai Express down the street, which doesn't have much duck or fish. Call ahead to reserve tables for larger parties, which they can usually accommodate.", 3, 0], "XPfZz7FEngj-jrdSkcWVeA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/11/2015", "Definitely really like this place. When I first went it looked like a little house so I was confused but inside it looks like a full very homey restaurant. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. I enjoy ordering Pad Thai and it tastes great every time. This is probably my go to Thai place in Ithaca. Would recommend.", 4, 0], "ba-jSHwHTBWpPsYsSOmiTw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/29/2015", "Have gone here for both lunch and dinner. The food has been really good and consistent. I have tried a number of different dishes and have enjoyed most of them. I am not as big a fan of their curry dishes as some of their other dishes. I have really enjoyed the Spicy Basil and the Spicy Eggplant. For appetizers the Vegetable Tempura, Gyoza, and Roti are quite excellent.", 4, 0], "StqFdz5d25lokcoUYye58g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/8/2015", "My favorite Thai restaurant in Ithaca. I always order curry, and its always fantastic. Be warned, though, these guys can make some mercilessly spicy dishes. Even if you ask for 1/5, it can still be fairly spicy; they say it depends on the age of the peppers they're using on a given day.", 5, 0], "_mWYEb2ztigqxl6BntQisQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/28/2014", "This place definitely has the best Thai food in the world. I have not tasted better Thai food than Tamarind! I recommend the Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang Curry, Pad Thai and Spicy Thai noodles. For desserts, their roti with sweet condensed milk is SO GOOD. I don't know why it only has 3 stars, this has the best Thai food.", 5, 0], "xbgM8Pm85kFXMmGPDx7cKA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/14/2014", "The best Thai food in the world, not just Ithaca. We lived in Ithaca for 6 years and ate at Tamarind as much as we could. Their Tom Kha soup is our favorite, but we also love their Pad Kee Mau (Drunken Noodles) and their Pad See Ew. Anyone who rates Tamarind below a 5 has no idea what good Thai food is.", 5, 2], "XOtP-_fhbjqWYV4ZOc1lMQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/7/2014", "Loved this food. Had BBQ pork fried rice. Lots of succulent, tasty pork slices mixed into very flavorful fried rice with lots of onions made my night. Very generous portions. Lovely, warm service.", 4, 0], "GOMuGF1AmRA90-dfZAVPvw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/30/2014", "I really wanted to like this place because no other restaurant in Ithaca offers a Papaya salad - at least not that I know of. I ordered spice level 3 the first time. Aaaaand nothing. I figured maybe they forgot to spice it, or maybe their 3 is just reeeeeally mild. So next time I ordered it at a 5, but then quickly changed it to a 4. And I also ordered spicy Thai noodles at a level 4. When I picked up the food, they hadn't changed the papaya salad to a 4 so it was a 5. I put the fork to my tongue and immediately felt my entire mouth burning. No way I could eat that. I tried the spicy thai noodles aaaaaand nothing. No spice whatsoever. So with a 4 you get zero spice and with a 5 your face feels like it's going to fall off. No thanks. I graciously gave the inedible Papaya salad to my 16 year old stepson who ate every bit of it - while intermittently screaming in pain. Gotta love teenage boys.", 2, 0], "AWjLgqmbcpfFAeeEqSPSVg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/17/2014", "I usually like curry, Thai food, but that night I didn't feel like eating anything heavy at all. As for the Choo chee duck that I ordered, I don't think it's curry but it has this coconut creamy, curry flavor and it's quite light on the sauce. The duck is fried and the crispy layer outside the meat is the exact right that I like. We also had the salad with clear noodle and I like that as well. Interestingly, I met a Thai international student the next day and even she highly recommended it and said this is the place that the Thai club is usually order for delivery for their group events lol", 4, 1], "kHZ69oW0m7teMr6K1mPHvg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/6/2014", "The mango chicken is good and I normally do order for delivery. I just called them to place an order and I can safely say that I was very very cordial. I ordered the mango chicken and a bottle of water (this usually adds up to $12 and thus sufficient for delivery) however the man on the phone insisted that my bill had only come up to $10.45. I asked him what else I needed to order to have dinner delivered and he replied \"Im sorry you can calculate that, I don't know\" and proceeded to hang up. Terrible service! you would think I was asking them to do me a favour! Never again, I can go without the mango chicken.", 1, 0], "b6V6ytj_ryQQdcs9Ii1JXw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/4/2014", "I don't know why this restaurant is only a 3 star. This is the best thai restaurant in the area. I love the atmosphere, staff and the food is exceptional. I have spent 2 1/2 months in thailand is this is the most authentic of them all. I am picky too. Thank you for being such a great place in Ithaca. The only thing I would like to ask is that you come to Trumansburg and open a restaurant.", 5, 1], "jNZmbKCh-YYI2EM_7iDdDQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/21/2014", "In the battle for Ithaca fish cake supremacy, Tamarind totally wins. And if you really want some, order them early- they run out. The food is routinely delicious. Their salads are fantastic. The papaya salad is so good, but when they say topped with shrimp, they mean exactly two. If you're looking for protein, you might be barking up the wrong tree. My dude says that the duck salad is out if this world, but again, the duck goes fast so order early. My only real beef with Tamarind- inconsistency. A spice level four will be perfection one day, and a blistering invitation to bathroom hell the next. Portion sizes seem to change from order to order, and are totally different in the restaurant. For the best Tamarind experience, order in, and order early. Enjoy your fish cakes on the couch, where pants are totally optional.", 3, 1], "_JQx0KB5sqiv2pGDSXWqcw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/17/2014", "I've been extremely happy every time I've gone to Tamarind. I'm actually surprised they only have 3 stars at the moment.If you come here and don't order (1) larb, and/or (2) choo chee duck, you're doing yourself a huge disservice.", 5, 7], "33URDGsMCQnXmu7YMjjK3Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/16/2014", "I ordered delivery online. It arrived 2 1/2 hours after I placed the order, and was lukewarm at best. Tom ka soup was good. Spicy fried rice and pad see ew weer both bland.I won't give them any more tries.", 1, 0], "gZvRt0vvRflGao8ZjEJ5_w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "1/14/2014", "I give this place three stars, because while the food was great, the service was just not.Came with my friends. We were five and were promptly seated. However, it took forever for our food order to be taken. Then, once it was we waited around an hour for food.We saw other parties who came afterward and got served before us. We asked the waitress when our food would be brought out and she said that she would check. She went to talk to another waitress and then they exchanged a look which led us to believe that they forgot to put our order in in the first place. The other waitress comes over and apologizes and says that because we are a large party, it will take a while for out food to come out. I'm sorry, a large party? A normal sized family can be five people. I would have appreciated if they instead apologized for not putting our order in.Anyway, save your time and go to Taste of Thai to get friendlier and more efficient service and, I would say, better food.", 3, 4], "Fj5ZmX1ze_fMVkwzP7ZHyg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/27/2013", "The food and service are terrible. The papaya salad smells of rotten, stale and unhealthy vegetables. The first waitress could not understand plain and simple English words like \"stale\" and \"unhealthy\". The second waitress took the papaya salad back to the kitchen and just brought it back saying that there's nothing wrong with it, even though we both could smell something unhealthy in it. It caused an upset stomach the next day.The service is so horrible that I got a bland, barely level 2 spiciness curry when I had ordered level 5 spiciness- and the waitress didn't even accept that it was a wrong level of spiciness. I think the cook or the owner has changed recently because nothing tasted right, and we have had good dinners before at this place. Definitely not recommended for the future at all. Go to Saigon Kitchen or Taste of Thai or Sticky rice - they are much better.", 1, 0], "vzP8Pi1WrrlAUvER25Md9g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/10/2013", "I loved what I got so much I ordered the same thing the next day!Can't speak for the whole menu obviously, but I'd recommend the choo chee duck. It's fried and the curry sauce comes on the side in a plastic soup container. I also got the sticky rice with mango dessert, which was a decent portion. The mango was wonderfully ripe and the rice comes with extra sweet sauce on the side. Loves it.My friend got fried rice and said it was flavorful and it looked pretty good so I'd be comfortable ordering something different next time. Not sure I can though. That duck addictive!I think it's a bit expensive but the portions are good and I think the food is better than all the other Thai places in town.", 5, 1], "qQLcJVqQkhbvL3AatejmmQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "8/4/2013", "Fresh rolls were excellent, pad thai very good. We chose this place for take-out just yesterday. Ordered the bulgolgi: FAIL. Very, very small portion for $14, overcooked and served with onions (a very cheap addition, and there was very little meat). Not worth the price. Will try them again though.", 3, 0], "Sl9dKkZSOHTZXjBuHj26VQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/22/2013", "Tamarind's pineapple fried rice made me a believer! I usually order the padseeuh or pad thai, but after going out on a limb and trying something new, I'm glad I did! As someone that usually picks a favorite menu item and runs with it, I must say thatTamarind's menu is very balanced and provides something for all tastes.", 4, 0], "kqua_ip2E5C1w9I2SkUblg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/16/2013", "Tonight I experienced a piece of heaven when I bit into a dessert called \"Thai custard over sticky rice.\" They were giving it out for free as a fathers day promotion. While no one at the table was a father, we did appreciate the reminder to call our dads (happy father's day dad), even though its hard to remember anything besides the wonderful meal I just ate. The dessert was creamy, sticky and sweet but most importantly it had just the right salty kick! Nothing elevates a desert like salt. Oh and this is not to say that my Choo Chee Duck got out-shined. The Choo Chee Duck is still the best Thai dish in Ithaca! Yep tonight I died and went to heaven ... twice! Is it fair to give a restaurant 5 stars based on two dishes? No, not really, but I'm doing it anyway. Now if duck doesn't float your boat other solid choices include any of the Thai soups and any of the Thai noodle dishes. And folks, please refrain from ordering Korean, Chinese or Japanese food at a Thai restaurant. The service is kind of slow, so be warned of that in advance and just take your time and relax over some great Thai food.", 5, 6], "0FIcVwiOTou5oI2CQLph3w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "6/3/2013", "Thai is my favorite cuisine. Tamarind Thai is my favorite Thai restaurant in Ithaca. I highly recommend this to anyone because I go at least monthly and every time I've been here the staff has been extremely kind, prompt, and pleasant and the food is exceptional with extremely reasonable prices and decent portions. I've never had a bad experience here and recommend this restaurant to anyone that enjoys Thai food. I typically order the red curry or the panang curry with tofu and my boyfriend loves the pineapple fried rice. The only experience I've had here that was less than enjoyable was when we were seated next to children that stared at us the whole time. Otherwise, my favorite hands down. I used to think Taste of Thai was great until I tried Tamarind and realized at Taste of Thai I was getting ripped off both with the food quality, portions, and service. They always seem angry and rushed there.", 5, 1], "1R0TEU66XAYV2pB_lMhRMA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/25/2013", "This is the third time I've been here in the last couple months. The place has gone down pretty badly. I speak fluent Thai; was born and raised there, yet they couldn't get my order right. I tried ordering the duck over rice. They didn't have any duck in, in spite of duck being the special that day. I changed my order to the Hainan chicken. It came with rice that was obviously from the bottom of the pot and the chicken with parts of it still attached to the tendons. I couldn't eat it and sent it back. I told them I would take a bowl of noodles instead, they brought out BBQ pork with rice. I was hungry by this time so just ate it and am now writing this review. Stay clear of this place. If it's the same owner, shame on them. If its a new owner, which I suspect, they are a poor change.", 1, 0], "_TxZjukTM3irPlevWJ-Cjw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/15/2013", "The service is SO BAD. Although the waiters are nice, the wait here is so long, it's definitely not worth it given the number of other Thai restaurants in the area with better food and faster turn-around.My brother and I ate here on a Sunday night and waited over an hour for our food. The pad thai was fine (nothing special) but the portion sizes were on the smaller side. The outside of the building looks run down and a few of the walls inside could use a new paint job. Mediocre food, slow service and aging decor. Skip this one.", 2, 1], "1ju1D5yn1APNHUfNPiSnUQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/14/2013", "3.5-4 for food, 1.5 for service.The service here is so terrible! Both times I have been here, the food has taken 1 hour to arrive. This restaurant is small, and seating is really tight inside. Both times I've been here, the restaurant was moderately full. So I came here with a party of 5 the first time and 10 the second time. I ordered chicken pad thai for myself both times, but tried a green curry dish and a duck dish. They were both okay, but the pad thai was excellent. This past weekend, I waited one hour for my food, and then we ate our food and hung out after for maybe 10 minutes after, when the waitress came up and said, \"there is another big party coming soon so you know. I am not telling you to leave now, but just so you know there is a big party coming...\" So she was telling us to leave but didn't want to admit it. We would have been out of there faster if the food hadn't taken an hour! Also, my friend's curry was too spicy, so she asked them to make her another and they said they would just add coconut milk. Well, that didn't fix it and she told them it wasn't acceptable, and they still charged her $12 for the food. I wasn't pleased by their service either night I visited!Also, the waiters and waitresses do not check on you or the status of your drinks while you are waiting for an hour or eating your meal. Not at all. I had to call them over for water twice. The restaurant does not look nice from the outside, looks pretty run down, but on the inside it is very pretty. I think maybe this restaurant should start giving away something when you sit down at the table like some restaurants do bread or chips because the food takes forever, and that's terrible.Portion sizes are inconsistent. My friend and I ordered pad thai and she had twice as much food as I did! The first time, I also had twice as much pad thai as I did the second time. Service is absolutely terrible.", 3, 0], "IwUSDnOu0Y5SYgmyklm2VQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/6/2013", "Wost. Service. Ever. Waited over an hour for our food, an hour and 20 minutes to be exact. Asked multiple times if they had forgotten about us but were assured it was only because the duck I ordered takes a long time..........really? Only when I finally stood up and asked to cancel my order did someone go back and realize our plates had been sitting out for, judging by my cold duck, at least 15 minutes. This didn't stop them from telling me that it was fresh out.Here's a tip: when you forget someone's order, just say so and offer a discount and a free desert. You could have had a 4 star or even a 5 star review. Instead, I hate you.", 1, 6], "-le81n2uaktbSvq4G4ABfA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/6/2013", "Myself and four friends ate there today. The food was acceptable but the service was horrendous.We arrived at 7:00 and we waited an hour and a half for our food. It was at least an hour between appetizers and entrees. We were told there was no manager on duty to speak to. They poured water into our wine glass... a full wine glass. And they comped only one dish for one person -- whose entree arrived five minutes after everyone else's, and who was the only person to vocally complain. The rest of us paid full price for wasting two-and-a-half hours.", 1, 2], "2Beyzu8pvLC7ntH68Taeqg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/15/2013", "It seems had a new construction before I visit last time, so looks pretty good. The foods are tasty as well, but a little too salty.", 4, 0], "tw1eJNIB7e36ETOwUt6OLg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/10/2012", "This review is for take-out: We have ordered take-out a few times in recent months and have found the food to be very good. The quality of food and variety of vegetables is great. The coconut soup is delicious. They are heavier with the spice at this restaurant compared to other Thai restaurants in the area, so order the spiciness more conservatively if you are at all sensitive (e.g., I order the same spice number on a scale of 1 - 5 at all Ithaca Thai restaurants and this is definitely spicier than others).", 4, 0], "Tz2SJ92B415Emylj5B17sA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/15/2012", "Just went to Tamarind last night based on the recommendations of a number of Ithaca locals. In comparison to our experience at Thai Cuisine a few weeks ago, this was fantastic! Where the food at Thai Cuisine was flavorless, this was excellent. I had the green curry and my fiance had the spicy fried rice. We both asked for spicy, and we got it! Often waitresses/chef's don't believe that we can handle real spice. The curry's fantastic, lots of different flavors especially kaffir leaves, despite the lack of peas and green beans. The rice was great, lots of veggies. The presentation was nice too, as was the service. We were there on a busy Friday night, so we did have to wait a little to be seated and then for our food, but I think they had only 1 server working, and the food was well worth the wait. They've really tried to make a rather sad looking building look nice inside. It's not hip and cosmopolitan, but they've done what they could so it's not junky. Unlike another reviewer we did not have problems with the size portions. Both of our portions were quite large, I might get 2 more meals out of my curry, and my fiance a meal and half.  I can't wait to eat my left overs today! My fiance threatened to eat his own and my leftovers in the middle of the night it was so tasty! :)  If the food was fantastic on a busy Friday night when they have to rush in the kitchen--I can only image how out of this world the food is on a quiet Tuesday night when they can really put in the time for each dish.", 5, 0], "0vkz5YdlUuvc5-lWuR5HSg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/1/2012", "Service: great and friendly always would check up on us. When something spilled they came right away to help cleanAtmosphere: nice and refreshing. The plates were so prettyFood: very delicious we had chicken skewers and it was delicious with peanut sauce. Calamari was good. Spring rolls were the best so refreshing and tasty. We ordered both the noodles pad Thai and pad see ew. I like them both also pad Thai is more for sour and pad see ew is more sweet and soy saucy which I liked better. Thai tea was really good too! Curry they had green red and yellow and were all delicious. The fried cat fish was soo good with the choo chee sauce. and the sticky rice with mango in the end was just a great ending.", 4, 1], "AQqDDGILMOb9VajiJyEG0A": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/20/2012", "Decent food but small portions for the price.And don't get me started on our waitresses. So horrible! And catty! Someone had left a glass of water on our table before the four of us sat down. It wasn't removed or replaced or even acknowledged. Gross! NO ONE WANTS TO DRINK YOUR SKETCHY LEFTOVER WATER, TAMARIND.", 2, 1], "uSKXa_jYWMplvXNoitn4rA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/13/2012", "Food is very good. But I have been there twice in the last year and both times one person in my party didn't get served their food. First time they didn't have the order and she got it 20 minutes after everyone else. Last time two weeks ago they served it ten minutes after everyone else. Both times we were in a party over five people. Very weird. I do love their food though.", 3, 2], "BKH2RZT7SuRjQCuEiivoZQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/29/2012", "First of all, it's BYOB. We didn't know this before going, but it's good to know!What a strange night it was at Tamarind. The restaurant is this little box of a place that is completely shut in by curtains. It kind of looks like a refurbished waffle-house on the outside. Oh, Ithaca.First of all, the food was pretty decent. The tom yum soup was very good, as was the panang curry and the massaman curry. Good stuff. In Rochester, this would be a 4 star Thai place, but Ithaca has some better options in the Thai-department.The waitstaff was OK. They were having trouble with their credit card machines the night that we were there, so service was very slow. But at least they were apologetic.Overall Tamarind is a good place to grab some Thai food. Just wish we knew it was BYOB!", 3, 1], "q24aotOh9fk2lPd0Dwtqwg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/23/2012", "Best Thai in town. Be aware of the spice gradient - It's 1 to 5 here. I am used to a 1 to 10 gradient and so I made the mistake of orderring a Panang Curry Spice level 10 for my first visit. BIG MISTAKE! I pride myself on my love of spice, but even I couldn't finish it.....it was crazy (delicious) hot. The owner is very friendly and explained that they pride themselves on using only fresh ingredients and spices. Therefore, the spice level is a little higher than you might be accustomed to.....so start at a 3 and work your way up! The food is incredibly fresh and flavorful. The curries are the perfect consistency (not too thick and heavy nor too thin and soupy). Thai is my favorite cuisine and I've eaten it everywhere in this country, in Asia, and in Thailand. Tamarind does it right!", 5, 0], "x8SPZnalaKtizHpatB14EA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "2/6/2012", "I used to eat at Tamarind frequently and the food was delicious. I ordered take out for the first tie in probably 2 yrs. Wow. What a disappointment. Spring rolls--The rolls were burnt. The filling tasted like sour dishwater. The oil was obviously rancid that they were fried in. I threw them out. Chicken Satay-- Peanut sauce was OK but the chicken was absolutely tasteless. Edible but not great. Tom Yum Soup: OK. Passable. Too bad. This used to be my favorite Thai restaurant but I will not be eating here again.", 1, 1], "2XKO1ROYP8nwP75vLnvKSQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "1/16/2012", "If you order the right dishes Tamarind has some of the best Thai food in town, and hands down the best Thai iced tea (warning, practically addictive). However, the menu reads pretty much as a hodgepodge of every dish that the chef once cooked in their long career in many different Asian restaurants, and most of them aren't very good. My advice is to stick to any of the Thai dishes made in a wok, (like the noodles) and avoid anything even vaguely Chinese. Good wok cooking imparts a pleasant smokey quality and finding those skilled in it can be kinda rare, but I think Tamarind has the best in Ithaca. Also the Choo Chee Duck is pretty good, though the duck is fried before it is bathed in delicious coconut Choo Chee sauce so the dish is definitively not low on calories. When my girlfriend and I want Thai we usually come here.", 4, 4], "D1eYuRxcdmcO3pFQdqHBfg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "1/3/2012", "Tamarind is a great little spot...and I mean \"little.\" It's a very small restaurant with approximately eight tables (for four) in the main dining area with an additional three or so in the front, so cannot accommodate large parties.I went with a friend and we both had the Tom Yum soup as appetizer. Very tasty and a nice prelude to our entrees (Kao Nah Ped and Duck Noodles). Each of us ordered ours at level \"3\" spicy...on a 1-5 scale with \"5\" being the hottest. Be warned: level 4 will scald your mouth membranes, level 5 will leave them incapacitated. The meal was really good, especially considering the low price. This place would easily get a five-star rating, but for the service. On our visit, we waited a real ten minutes before a server even approached us, but she apologized at least. That's more than you get at MANY other places.", 4, 0], "HyYB3aNs4QDs1y0VkAc9yw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/10/2011", "I always get delivery from here and it's usually pretty fast. Their roast duck noodle soup is amazing.", 5, 0], "FRnHQnvj90UjL26TUiQp5w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "12/8/2011", "Best thai food in Ithaca hands down. If you like it hot then this is the place. I normally have to ask Thai places to bring out extra heat for my food, but 5 stars was perfect! Prices are great especially for the size of the portions. They aren't overwhelming, but definitely big enough to be full and have a little extra to share or take home. The only downside is service is extremely slow so I recommend eating as take out unless you have 90 min for dinner. If it wasn't for the slow service it would be 5 star rating.", 4, 0], "vomscbuwyGj31azPaae_xQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/13/2011", "pretty good noodles and rice, but I tried ordering a roti with curry and the curry was basically the coconut tom yum soup that i ordered as an appetizer as well. That was disappointing, but besides that, I love their pad thai and pineapple fried rice ... on point ;D", 4, 0], "fv0GVmOpZKZSNJpx6Ub5HA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "11/8/2011", "Love this place. Delivery can be a bit slow, especially on the weekends, but they have some fantastic curries and great appetizers. I'm not as thrilled with their noodle dishes, but it's hard to convince myself to order anything other than their green curry anyway.", 4, 0], "d397j8iEQZd2omVmk6g5Dw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/16/2011", "After visiting the Farmers Market, we decided to have our lunch here... there's plenty of parking spot around the establishment... we walked it and it was busy... almost all the tables were occupied... I told them how many folks and the one guy told us in a slow voice 'it'll be long time'... so we were debating if we wanted to stay here or not and as we were in discussion, the same guy came back and said, 'it'll be about ten minutes', so we stayed.We ordered Spring Rolls, Fresh Rolls, & Fried Squid to start off. For main course, we went with Panang, Pad Thai, Thai Spicy Noodles, Spicy Eggplant, and Pad Prik Khing (Green Beans). As for spicy level, we went with 3 and for protein, we mixed it up between chicken, pork and beef.Fresh Roll - despite a shrimp ready to jump out of the broken wrapper, it was your standard fare... the dipping sauces were excellent.Spring Rolls - standard, nothing special to write about.Fried Squid - it was little 'fishy', but crunch and excellent with the dipping sauce.Panang - this curry was good, the curry broth was smooth and bold, it was excellent over the jasmine rice. I would recommend this again.Pad Thai - the taste was good, however the noodle was little dry and the chicken was over dried... Thai Spicy Noodles - we got this with beef and this was the best dish of all the main course... if you are sensitive to fish sauce or fish smell, be warned, you can smell the fish sauce few feet away from the dish... the noodles though were bit over cooked and mushy...Spicy Eggplant - the eggplant and the sauce was good, the pork was too dried.Pad Prik Khing (Green Beans) - the green beans needed to be cooked longer... I felt like they threw the green beans at the last before they plated to send it out.I would avoid pork or chicken for protein, go with the beef as it was tender and juicy... all the other dishes we had with pork and chicken, I was disappointed.There is extra $1 charge for additional rice and service is hit or miss... if they are busy, don't expect too much... there is a gratuity of 18% for party of 6 or more. They are closed from 3 to 5 Mon to Fri.", 3, 1], "htlkGD5FHBbr-zBIBRpwXA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/20/2011", "I'm in Ithaca for business. I'm Thai, eat a lot of Thai food, in NYC, LA, Thailand, and I must say, this is one of those legit places. Thai owned, real thai flavors, thai ingredients, no substitutions of ingredients. I ordered:Tum Yum noodles - very tasty, thai flavors, lime, peanuts, fish balls, reminds me of LAduck salad - standard, has the right taste, nothing spectacular, but it hit the spotVegatables with oyster sauce - fresh vegatables, cooked right, not mushy, just enough seasoning I would highly recommend this resaurant if you're in the food for authentic thai in ithaca", 5, 1], "Ro0gN5_F7aYSBfpeaxl28g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "9/11/2011", "The food is very good - I almost always order the Crispy Vegetables and Thai Spicy Noodles with tofu. I LOVE the food in fact, and we order from them about three times a month. On occasion, we eat there. Recently, we took some out of town guests there for dinner. As usual, the food was excellent, but the service was very poor. Our food took a very long time to be brought out. Additionally, the staff seemed flummoxed when we had requests. Very disappointing to me is the fact there are no free refills. (I could understand this if the sodas were in cans or bottles, but it appears to be from a fountain.) Even worse, though it took such a long time to bring out our food, the staff snatched up our credit card in less than 3 minutes. It was also uncomfortably cold in the dining room.In sum - a great place for take out. Skip the dining in unless you have lots of time to spare.", 3, 2], "K2EulfwFkGZkB-ZWlFKm5Q": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/27/2011", "Five stars for this place. They actually make their food spicy when you ask them to, and the menu items are reasonably priced. I found that most other Thai places in Ithaca tend to make their dishes greasier and sweeter than they ought to be.", 5, 0], "Z-zDhNsfmBFNfFFgL1lMCw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/2/2011", "Recently most favorite thai place in Ithaca. Service is a little bit slow sometimes, especially dinner time. Almost all food I had in here are yummy and fresh. my favorites:- Papaya Salad: best thai papaya salad ever, hands down. I usually order 3 stars.- Thai Chicken BBQ: love it, served with sweet and sour sauce, but I usually asked for theu BBQ duck sauce (homemade sauce) yumm, I suddenly crave them as I write this review. - Hainan Chicken Rice: clean flavor, though you can still taste delicate aroma of chicken.", 5, 3], "nDXGN0pO6W_0Ah_Sk_OYEQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/26/2011", "A pleasant experience.  Delivery was an hour wait which is crazy but I read the reviews so I knew to expect that. B+  Spring Rolls.  The spring rolls where standard but good. The sauce they came with was super spicy and awesomeD+  Duck Salad.  Not a good choice. The duck was really gamey and I spit out 2 pieces because of gristle. And it's on top tiny slices of red onion and one giant lettuce leaf which looks like it was meant as garnish. Not much salad here. Nice concept but really poor execution and ingredients.B+  Chicken with Cashews.  Excellent quality chicken and mixed vegetables. Crisp and fresh. Wish there were a few more cashews;I counted 6.  The sauce was a little watery. I asked for spicy and they delivered on that.Even though the Duck Salad was a bust I felt it was a value at $29. I'd order from here again when I'm in town.", 3, 4], "HRvB28XaGT-nhN7SP2qV9g": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/26/2011", "The male owner is really inattentive. His face is always cold and seems ignorant when we called him several times for water.  He also took our plate away without asking whether we've finished and we were still working on it. Finally, the take out portion is WAY SMALLER than before. My gf and I ordered 3 dishes and we weren't close to full at all. We could easily have 3 dishes at Taste of Thai express with plenty of leftovers at a comparative price.", 2, 0], "DJj5ltUoiQqQcP9rC11Q7w": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "10/11/2010", "I've always been more than satisfied with the actual food I've gotten here--they make lemon chicken, which is kind of hard to find around here, and a really yummy duck curry. I miss that duck curry when I'm away.HOWEVER, the building is really ugly, parking is scarce, delivery is super slow, and both times I ate here there was an issue in which the server either spilled something on the table or broke a piece of glassware on the table. Your best bet is to order for pickup!", 3, 0], "YS5rSPSM9aVJ69Xpa8rqfA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/13/2010", "I have had several terrible experiences at Tamarind, and I will not eat there again (especially when there is such great Thai food at other places in Ithaca).About a year ago, my boyfriend and I ordered a *large* order of food--enough to last us as leftovers for days (it was finals period and we didn't have time to cook). The total was about $60. When I ordered the food, the woman on the phone told me that it would arrive in about 30 minutes. After 45 minutes, our food had not arrived and I called to ask about it. The woman told us it would arrive any minute. After an hour and a half, I called again and again was told that my food would arrive any minute. The food did not arrive for TWO HOURS, and when it did, it was lukewarm. I called back to tell them that I did not want to stiff the delivery person, but I was not comfortable paying full price for the meal. The woman on the phone said that she couldn't do anything about it, but if I gave her my name and phone number, the owner would call me the next day. I gave them two phone numbers, but I never heard from them AT ALL.After that experience, I decided not to patronize Tamarind again, but last week, we had a birthday dinner for my friend there. My friend called several days ahead to reserve a table (we had a party of ten). We had a reservation for 8pm, and when we arrived a few minutes before 8pm, there was a FIVE PERSON family (who had not yet been served their dinner) at our ten person table. We were told that because that family had arrived late, we would have to wait for our table until they were finished. After HALF AN HOUR, we were finally seated. But the servers seated us before they cleared the table--that is, they *told* us to sit even when we asked them to clear the table first. Then, it took them a good ten minutes to come clear our table, and about fifteen minutes before they took our order.As some of the other reviews mention, it is also very cold in the restaurant.The food itself was so-so. Some of the dishes were enjoyable and some were flavorless. Really, there's no reason to even consider the food here when you could go to Thai Cuisine or Taste of Thai.", 1, 1], "KzGmSnHRm9YyJTBFMEzAxg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "1/20/2010", "I'm staying in Ithaca for one night and picked this place from the hotel's delivery selection. I was impressed. Very good place for takeout. I ordered Fresh Rolls with Tofu, Tom Yum soup, Papaya Salad, and Gyoza. All are very familiar dishes to me and all were good. Delivery was prompt too.", 4, 0], "Y_2WP4prDz_OtieQy01hyw": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "5/20/2009", "This place is a complete disaster for multiple reasons. The Cornell Daily Sun reported that in 2008, this place was cited for violating human labor rights.Food-wise, this place is only slightly cheaper than far superior places such as Taste of Thai and Thai Cuisine. Nevertheless, even if you disregard the slightly cheaper price, the food quality is extremely poor. This place uses poor ingredients and the dishes are not prepared to a level of even semi-decent Thai standards. I ordered seafood tomyum soup (which should have scallops and squid) but astonishingly, they prepared a soup that contained chicken and cut in a way to imitate squid and scallops. I was simply appalled by this maneuver (they should simply inform us that they are out of seafood tomyum).The pad see eew is sub-par, with the beef horribly cut and horribly overcooked. The papaya salad was overly salty (so salty that I did not even eat much of it.Many of my friends also complain about this place; including a shady tactic where they turn the thermostat extremely low down to 60 F in order to save money. When asked why it is so cold inside, they'll claim that the heater is broken...but they'll say the same thing 3 months later into winter.", 1, 3], "kv8lzz_oy6IPSxfOPqGDgA": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "4/20/2009", "We have eaten at Tamarind several times and continue to go back for quality, freshness, simple satisfying offerings and price. Their coconutty soup with curry is a favorite among us along with the Pad Thai. We love their curry regardless of color (green, red or yellow) and are trying something new every visit. We have yet to be disappointed. Price is good. No license for drinks, so bring your own. Always has a buzz...but never a long wait for a table.", 4, 0], "TCIHGrJ--Rzktkgu8Tu_iQ": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "7/13/2008", "Tamarind was surprisingly satisfying. Nothing really outstanding or unique but very good. I will definitely return.The website and exterior do not represent the quality inside. The interior is smooth with hardwood floors with light green walls. My girlfriend and I had fresh rolls and Tom Kha to start. The fresh rolls were good but similar to almost every other fresh roll I have had or made. The Tom Kha was exceptional. It had a nice even spicyness to start but was well complimented by a sweet taste after a few seconds. I had the Thai spicy noodles and my girlfriend had the Pad Prik Khing Duck. Both were very good. The spicy noodles had some tomatoes that gave the dish a good acidic taste along with the subtle smokeyness and spicyness. The duck was just barely crispy and the portion was generous.Overall, I liked Tamarind. It was fairly cheap for two people to eat and the food was satisfying.", 4, 1], "YiSMFa8h0rzyrZlVXPNIQg": ["Yelp", " Tamarind", "3/12/2008", "New blood in the Thai delivery market! Yum.As far as selection and freshness, this place is marginally better than Thai delivery places around the Commons. Oddly, it takes longer -- even though it's way closer to our house.Oh, and be prepared to spend slightly more. We're paying up now, mainly because it's new -- not because it's great.UPDATE: had actual dinner here last week. Surprisingly un-seedy, nice casual dinner ambiance. BYOB/W! It feels weird to eat dinner without an alcoholic beverage -- you'll want one, trust me.", 3, 1]}
{"qDi4CH9LZUiObIK3e9X5tw": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "8/18/2018", "Great place. Kirstie is an attentive bartender with a great memory. Marty serves up magic from the kitchen including hot buffalo sauce (with a secret ingredient) wing or tenders, a game changing Ruben and delicious pizza with a crust that won't quit. It's clearly loved by their loyal usuals, but they welcome everyone.", 5, 0], "R96I8YYrVBsJJW19tkmdlA": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "4/21/2018", "The food was fantastic!!! But be prepared to wait a very long time for service and food! Also you have to pay with cash or check. No cards!", 3, 1], "SwR9-lcUGZPlpa7-ZMXuPw": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "12/9/2017", "Nice little dive bar with great food and great service! Highly recommend the cheeseburger pizza! Appreciate the live music on Friday night! The only negative is they are cash only, they do have an atm however.", 5, 1], "4cfzsGctbxocIGUoAeSYIA": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "9/6/2017", "Had a \"mega calzone \" and a chicken Parmigiana sandwich tonight, for three of us. The calzone was enough for four people. My wife said the sandwich was great although I didn't try it. It's a country bar with great food, something you might not expect. Live music often also...", 5, 0], "Pi6T8tjQmohRJXwaINu8XQ": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "6/16/2017", "Probably the most fun bar I've been too. The atmosphere is very inviting, the music is great (with local blues and rock bands coming in all the time), and the drinks are well mixed and well priced. Stop by if you're ever spending the night in Ithaca.", 5, 2], "kX_t1I-CdBXL1o8j0lKl-Q": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "2/13/2017", "My husband and I (Visiting from Rochester, NY) had a wonderful experience here on 2/11/17. We stopped in at about 10:30pm and were taken care of right away by an adorable bartender/waitress. We ordered a pizza, wings & sweet potato fries along with a couple of cocktails. The pizza was awesome- homemade dough, plenty of cheese and delicious sauce, which was fresh and flavorful. The wing sauce was on point too- we got the Roadhouse Medium. Fun atmosphere, pool & darts available and they host live bands also. We were greeted by the owner and welcomed to the restaurant; he was a very nice guy and it was obvious that he truly cares about his restaurant. It was a happy accident that we came across Flynn's, and we'd happily come back again someday!", 4, 0], "BJhwCY2W7-Za-WCxrSAybg": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "2/11/2017", "Good food, bartender is great. Could use some updating but I am sure that in time this place will be a landmark!", 4, 0], "WG0YaUH51314sk6ACHoyIA": ["Yelp", "Flynn\u2019s Roadhouse Cafe", "9/14/2016", "Been around the world and know a good pizza. When my in-laws suggested what looked like a bar, I was polite but...So surprized and maybe that's the best way to write about it. The owner checked on us several times, the wait staff attentive and the pizza..,superb. When visiting again, I'll be back.", 5, 3]}
{"-y4MkNmFadFrZr7VfEnt7w": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/14/2019", "IT IS NOT CLOSEDI'm not sure why it says it's closed when I've ordered from there twice in the past 2 weeks without any issue. They have delicious food and lovely service, but they are definitely on the pricier end. I almost always order the bistecca with mushroom ravioli with a side of amazing french onion soup. My only issue is that the last time I ordered mushroom ravioli, I received cheese mushroom with ravioli instead of ravioli with mushroom. However, this was likely a simple mix up (I was not able to request to fix it as I ordered it as take out in a rush).", 4, 1], "ftm9_cXdWr5fnQ2cC9Baeg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/14/2019", "Aladdin has been my favorite Mediterranean restaurant to go to whenever I'm in town. All of their dishes are so delicious. But my fave has always been gallina or bisteca. Healthy foods and you will simply love all of their savory cooking. I definitely recommend this place and I know because I've been going here for many years now. So if you have not been here definitely give it a try and have the culinary experience of your life.", 5, 1], "Tgi8dtEqMbNiE1Qrh2dNwg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/27/2018", "I've eaten here a few times before and I can't say I've ever been impressed. However I ate here recently and couldn't have been more disappointed. We were seated upstairs with nobody else. We then were forgotten about for over 20minutes before we had to go downstairs and ASK to be served. While we were waiting for those 20 minutes though, we saw a waiter come up the bar on the same floor as us and he chugged a beer before before pouring one for a customer and then looked me dead in the eyes and ignored us some more. Once we did finally get our food it was grossly over cooked and was not worth the wait and being ignored by any means. Absolutely horrible.", 1, 0], "t_EgrAcZo-WjB7f6mgp_Lw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/25/2018", "Pitas and burgers are tasty and one of its kind in town. The atmosphere is good and services are fair. Yet, waiting seemed to be long specially when there were few in the restaurant at 1730. Still, I view it marvelous on a global scale. Gonna bring more friends here for better food than others and chatting while waiting.", 5, 1], "f3P62ZKaYbke6gDBr5KckA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/22/2018", "AMMMMAAAZZZZINNNGGGG!!!!Try this place out if you're ever in the area. Everything we got was perfectly cooked, hot, full of flavor, simply perfect!!We got pesto cheese ravioli ..the pesto tasted so fresh. Bold taste but it was great.Also got the musaka!!!!! My favorite!!!It was made so well. Potato/veggies were soft,meat was well seasoned and the cheese on top was creamy and delicious. I was so happy with the results . Not many people can make this dish and it tastes just like \"moms\"Soo good!", 5, 3], "dRAQnjWccMSc1pOozoAnTg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/2/2018", "Nice place with friendly service. Fresh salads. Falafel was great. Mediterranean salad a little strongly flavored and babaganoush too garlicky. Would visit again though", 4, 0], "-frCZV0lQ65tf6P9qS7h4A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/10/2018", "The food was okay. I ate here twice. The first time I had the chicken gyro with fries and it was pretty good. The second night I had a lamb gyro and it was pretty bad. I ordered carrot chips on the side and instead of chips they served big slices of raw carrots. It was so hard to eat - it could've been baby carrots to make it easier to munch on. Some parts of the pita bread on the gyro was hard it seemed stale. Because of the second meal that was pretty awful, I wouldn't go back.", 2, 0], "_V2KtYHFeMMrejgteJ5C1A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/22/2018", "Friendly staff and good location! The food is overpriced for what you get. A decent place in a quick pinch otherwise nothing great about the taste.", 3, 0], "D2ld5VEng8T2Zpd3OfyTbQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/2/2018", "What happened? This was a solid place to eat a few years ago, but I had a surprisingly unpleasant experience with dinner last night. It started with the table next to me, who thought there was something on their lettuce that looked like blood. The server brought the lettuce leaf back to the kitchen and said she would investigate. Next, the manager came out to insist that it \"wasn't blood, it was probably vinegar\" in a tone that was a lot more combative than reassuring. I wasn't surprised to see that they left without eating anything else. I had already ordered, and I believed the rude manager that there wasn't blood on the lettuce, so I stuck around for my souvlaki.While waiting, I saw another server sneeze on her hands and then pick up a rag to wipe tables down... so that wasn't nice. I later saw her carrying a water pitcher around with her hands touching the lip. Ick.When my food came, I asked the server where they sourced their lettuce, since I'm a little wary after the E. coli outbreak caused by Yuma lettuce. The server didn't know, so she said she would check. She came back to tell me that she couldn't find that information and I guess I still looked hesitant because she then ran off to find the manager. Next thing I know, the same rude manager is standing very close to me, smelling strongly of cigarettes, and telling me (condescendingly) that no restaurant distribution supply would send out bad lettuce. (Of course they would, by accident, that's how there was an outbreak in the first place!). All the manager had to do was tell the server that the lettuce was from Texas, but she decided to make it a much bigger deal than it needed to be. I suspect she was still miffed from the blood incident and asking a question made me a problem customer in her eyes. I still tipped 20% because the server was fine, but that manager was unpleasant.Then to top it all off, the souvlaki was bland. Overall, pretty disappointing.", 2, 0], "q7CGiXlZltXA9UEBBzN72g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/24/2018", "Only eaten here twice. Once dined in and once takeout. This review references my takeout. I ordered the chicken pita, which on their print menu AND (this is important) on their online takeout menu says served with chips (see screenshot). I ended up calling and ordering instead of using the online ordering because I checked in for a 10% off and couldn't apply that 10% off online but had to show it when picking up. So I go get my food and get home only to realize I didn't get chips even though when I ordered over the phone I specifically asked \"chicken pita with chips.\" I called to ask why I didn't get chips and was told the pita doesn't come with chips if you order takeout, only with dine in. Come onnn. First off, if that was the case you should've said that when I ordered over the phone (yes it was the same person on the phone I ordered from). Second, your online ordering menu clearly states \"with chips\" and requires a selection for the same price I paid when ordering over the phone. I'm super skeptical if this is the real policy or it she just didn't want to say they forgot the chips and apologize, but either explanation sucks so.. I hate sketchy businesses.", 3, 0], "-QfJMpcmbRE_0n93OcBMJg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/22/2018", "I ordered the gyro pita only to open it to find 2 measly pieces of squishy lamb and a few flakes of onion-- not even lettuce!! I don't know if this was their revenge for me asking why our food was taking more than 30 minutes to arrive, but all I know is that I will not be returning any time soon for their expensive and painfully mediocre bread and meat.", 2, 2], "SbkXpK2Y8doikq0LLnAkcQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/9/2018", "Aladdin's has such delicious food. My husband was a bit wary because he thought it was a vegan place and he was pleasantly surprised! I love their lentil soup, but everything there is good.", 4, 0], "GQ1r2J5RubUZ6LnDTLoqNw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/25/2018", "We visited Aladdin's on a cold Saturday evening in March. There were two huge events on the Cornell campus that night so we secured parking by 5:15pm and then walked to Aladdin's. There is great variety in the menu so I had no trouble finding something gluten free. (Just specify no pita bread and decline salad dressing.) Food arrived very quickly and was warm and filling so we felt great as we headed to our event. The restaurant has several levels so each eating area feels cozy.", 4, 0], "7NefxHiLzE03ml4bJbe0KA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/11/2018", "This is my first Mediterranean restaurant that I've been to, and the customer service was excellent, everyone was super friendly, and best of all, the Grecca with mushroom ravioli was very, very good! Will be going back for sure!", 4, 0], "nu3O6sVHiXr5nlsvb9Aapg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/31/2017", "I was blown away. Their hummus is the BEST I've ever had. It tastes fresh and with so much flavor - I got the specialty one with sun dried tomatoes and basil. I couldn't stop eating it!I also got the lenchili which is a combination of the lentils and their vegetarian chili and that was just filled with wonderful flavors. In addition to that, I ordered the tortellini pasta with pesto sauce to share with my cousin and that was also great.I was able to try my friends clam chowder soup and it was so creamy and delicious. I have nothing negative to say about any of the dishes and the customer service was delightful!", 5, 0], "SY8ab1_koHcWG72r_sI0KA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/9/2017", "A little greasy, but overall, this should keep most college students alive. My wife said she used to eat here a lot when she was a student. If compared to outside restaurants, I'd say the quality of the food here is passable at best. But for college standards, this isn't too bad, all things considered.There's some variety in the menu. Staff was friendly. There's a public parking garage just a few driveways away.", 3, 0], "xCRfQrzjdV4bJEhY6r9jPg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/8/2017", "Ordered the Chicken Souvlaki and it was 90% oily lettuce. No thank you. Especially for $14.", 1, 2], "Kg13lfIFvEtaPJutqk2syg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/24/2017", "Good food! I usually come for the Chicken Souvlaki plate, although the chicken pita and the soups are very good too. I was sad to find out that the 2 for $20 deal is no longer available though, which makes the dish a little more pricey.", 4, 1], "jW3eXSpSKvJt_N-9vU0KGg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/11/2017", "Aladdin's is an Cornell classic. They have tasty large portions that are a great value, and a good variety of Mediterranean food to please your whole group. My favorites are the basil pesto pasta and the veggie combo that allows you to pick 4 different appetizers (which are hard to pick since there are so many good options - hummus, tzaziki, fried ravioli, spanikopota, babaganoush, and more!) great for groups and has a nice outdoor space too for the few nice days in Ithaca.", 5, 2], "XZSFY1s4GpoHb5olS20o4w": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/24/2017", "The food was average and the portions were small. We got a gyro pita and a falafel pita, and the falafels were the worst I've ever had.", 2, 1], "eTb9cuB2pR4k6E2dcwUUkA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/25/2017", "Nice location with indoor/outdoor seating, good service and tasty food that won't send you into debt. My companions tried the locally brewed apricot wheat beer which accompanied the Middle eastern fare very well. Save room for dessert b/c the baklava is OUTSTANDING and the flourless chocolate cake is delicious as well. Good options for vegans and those who need gluten free.", 4, 1], "CtYq4ZgSmQmGfHPUQW3vBA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/3/2017", "My partner and I were seated tonight and sat for at least 15 minutes and no one ever came to take our order. Instead, the servers went about their other business and bussed tables, ignoring us. We left. No more patience for their negligence.", 1, 1], "RVAGOVGRIjPRmjQeyM59Xw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/6/2017", "I really liked my Tourlou pasta! I'm not vegetarian but I loved the eggplant, tomato, black bean mix that was on the pasta. It was delicious as was the spinach fettuccine pasta (you get to choose what type of pasta you want) which was cooked nice and al dente. It was super filling as well. It came with a really tasty garlic bread...I wish I could've had more of that! The main problem with this place was the service. We weren't even given water, we just grabbed the pitcher and served ourselves water throughout the night. And it took forever for our waitress to notice we were there, even though there were 7 or 8 of us...", 4, 1], "metQ0VhNy170XoZmm-2rTg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/1/2017", "The food - eh. Despite being cheap, especially by my standards which are used to NYC prices, I still think Aladdin's is overpriced. The pitas are a decent deal at around $7 a piece, but they don't come with any sides and end up being not super filling. Plus, even in the city you pay $3-$4 for a better pita from a cart, so it's hard to justify getting one at Aladdin's. The pasta dishes run you around $12-14 AND there's an upcharge of around $4 to add meat AND an upcharge for certain types of pasta, so you can easily drop close to $20 for a pasta dish. Granted, the portions are huge, but not enough to justify the price for what is (let's be honest) probably sauce from a jar over boxed pasta. Last time I went, my friend and I split the cheese pita appetizer, which was literally just cheese melted on a pita for $5.50 and reminded me a lot of food that I've made when I stumble home from the bar at 3 in the morning.The drinks - here's one area where Aladdin's excels - the drink menu is relatively large, and extremely cheap. Beers will run you $4 or so at the most and those aren't happy hour prices. They have a deal where you can get 2 bottles of wine for $20 during certain times, and they have a $14 (albeit terrible) bottle of white sangria on the menu which they serve in cute glasses with fruit. The service - oddly terrible every time I go. I'm not sure if I've just had really bad luck, but I've had multiple waitresses with nasty attitudes that aren't attentive at all. TL;DR: definitely missable, but I'll probably come back for the sangria or wine deal at some point. Would be 1.5 stars but it's pretty spacious and nice on the inside so I'm rounding up.", 2, 4], "40VrULbdZ3wbyuLdKXYDIA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/7/2016", "Great atmosphere! First of all I have to say, get the pesto linguini, amazing! The service is very friendly and very helpful with questions regarding some of the food I wasn't familiar with. I have been recommending people to eat hear who have never been. I went with my girlfriend because it was near my work. But now it's one of my favorite restaurants. The only thing negative I could say is the interior decorating looks a little outdated. But your usually so distracted by good the food tastes you won't really notice the 80s decor.Enjoy!", 5, 1], "nVArmUovw1opxuPTU9q0Lw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/5/2016", "I've been here twice. Ordered gyros on both occasions, lamb and shishkebab. Both were OK. Nothing really spectacular about them. I could have easily made them at home. Portions are very small. Was still hungry after my meal on each visit.", 3, 0], "WHc4szc3LoSQgnOGuwHzMw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/4/2016", "This place is great for who is looking real and healthy food. It is my favorite restaurant in Colletown. Price is reasonable and food is delicious.", 4, 0], "p0GWjRUMT_GguO--WMwWWg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/21/2016", "Absolutely delicious! This was my first time really having Greek food and it was fantastic! The prices are more than reasonable and the selection is great. To start, we had the tourlou and the spanakopita. Both were amazing! The spanakopita was soooo good. It was cheesy, flakey and oh so good! For dinner, I had the vegetarian lasagna called \"mellansagna(?)\" and it was delicious! It was pasta filled with several vegetables and cheese topped with marinara sauce. It was served with a choice of salad and some pitas. It was very good!And for dessert, we all shared the baklava. It was my first time having it and I loved it! Very light and flakey with a sweet taste. The atmosphere and outside seating were fantastic and the service was great. Please check this place out!", 5, 2], "SgxV2sT4kz0mfBEKdWl6qw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/11/2016", "Although I've lived in Ithaca for eight years now, I only recently visited Aladdin's for the first time, primarily because they accept Ithacash. It has now become my favorite restaurant in Collegetown.Favorites on the menu include the sauteed spinach, the dolmades, and the grilled chicken strips, which have always been juicy and flavorful. For my entree, I generally order the chicken or beef souvlaki, the chicklaki, or one of the salads.I have also been consistently impressed with the desserts, my favorite being the baklava cheesecake.Additionally, I have found the service to be consistently friendly, and I enjoy the atmosphere, particularly their shady patio, which is lovely when the weather is nice.", 5, 1], "f1X3Zcmil--TwC-IGEI19Q": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/25/2016", "A crushed fly in my salad!! They replaced my chicken caesar salad with a few pieces of leaves. Like it would cost them a leg to give me a new full salad, or one with chicken in it. I definitely left with a bad taste in my mouth, knowing that I ate salad pieces on top of that dead fly. On subsequent visits I saw flies flying around the kitchen, too. I'd be careful eating here in the Summer.", 2, 1], "kgfmbtJbtRAJafV6xdujbg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/10/2016", "It's good but not amazing. I usually get a pasta dish here, but they often go a bit overboard with the toppings.The best time to go to Aladdin's is during their 2 for $20 special, which I believe is only on weeknights (I could be wrong). You get an appetizer and two entr\u00e9es for $20, which is an awesome deal, especially for the large portion sizes that you get.If you're splitting the bill with a group of people, make sure to keep your receipt and check your credit card statement later. A new waiter accidentally charged me 6/7 of the table's bill, and, while it was rectified later, it was a pain to get the money back from everyone else.", 3, 0], "GsTh5RMPWfDtTTHQeM7Xvg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/18/2016", "Great, \"homey\", ma-pa feel. The Lenchili was to. die. for!!!!! Highly recommend. Everything is really fresh and pretty reasonable priced :-)", 5, 0], "5NYE-bo26myXr2L8IZ7Kfw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/31/2016", "Aladdin's food is usually very good, but the portion sizes are horribly small for the amount of money you pay, ESP if you order take out. Don't get the special pasta, especially if its ravioli because it's a rip off for the amount you get!!", 2, 1], "v_nSi1qjTV1nSolPDPcWog": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/21/2015", "Came here to take out two falafel pitas. Apart from the fact that it's about 20% more expensive than New York City, and not nearly as good as many of the little places there (lack of competition in Ithaca I guess), they also charge .50 for each little extra little portion of tahini. Eat in and some servers will occasionally just give it to you. Take out and at least with the one prickly server I encountered, no deal. It's like paying for catsup by the portion.", 1, 0], "uRYv4pvD-FhTahxzb0HIhA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "11/27/2015", "OK, so I graduated from Cornell almost 20 years ago, and I still come back to Aladdin's when I'm visiting. Good to mediocre customer service, but even better moussaka. Clean, good ambience, reasonable collegetown pricing, and excellent solid food. Overall, love this place as a non-chain restaurant option for Ithaca!", 4, 5], "FzfLLy5FZNt2-eZ-Ykp6jg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/16/2015", "Fresh, quality mediterranean. Falafels and Hummus are pretty authentic. Very reasonable prices.", 4, 0], "tN_lkZpxknvAr4jyTvfJ4w": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/16/2015", "Good dessert selection, like the vegetarian chili (lots of vegetarian options). Finding free parking is a huge challenge, but that's all of Collegetown.", 5, 0], "JmO0NNPbXdM3muL4vNpatg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/3/2015", "Where to begin...First of all, we made a reservation, and when we came in they had accepted too many people to sit down, so we ended up sitting at a smaller table and had to wait a little bit to be seated to begin with. There were 5 of us: My roommate, me, and our parents who were visiting us for the weekend. We were simply looking for an enjoyable dining experience since we do not see our parents often. Once we ordered the food we waited an hour for it to arrive. We mentioned that fact to our waitress, and she told us it was only 40 minutes (it was definitely an hour), and they can't help it because there were big parties. However, at that point we were the only people in the restaurant along with maybe 20 other people max, the other parties had left a good 30 minutes prior. The food eventually arrived, and we requested extra dressing for the salads ordered since there was a very small amount included. (Later to find that there was a 50 cent extra charge for each extra dressing ordered). While 50 cents is nothing, it was not explained prior to ordering it that it would cost extra, which is very poor.Once we received the bill we noticed the extra charge on the dressing and asked our waitress why it was extra since we had never experienced that before, and why we waited an hour for our food to come out. The waitress responded by walking away and saying it wasn't her fault very rudely. We called her back to the table and asked to speak with the owner.A lady came up to the table, who was very clearly not the owner, and listened to our concerns. We were very calm and polite while explaining our frustrations and she repeatedly told us that the dressing was homemade (it was literally oil and vinegar), and that is why it was extra. She then told us that she was sorry and that she would take the complaints into consideration, and that was it. It was very evident that she couldn't care less about how our experience was.The food was not great to begin with, but it could have been made better with quality service. Unfortunately, the service was absolutely horrendous. I would NOT recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy.", 1, 1], "5vHTzuEJiF6G8MnNPkmPnA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/14/2015", "Aladdin's is a totally fine meal, but it's just that - fine. The pastas aren't cooked al dente, but not cooked too much that they are mush. The sauces are good but not great. I had cavatappi with sundried tomato pesto which is one of my favorites on the menu, but the pesto is more oily than it should be so most of the sauce sinks to the bottom of the bowl and you're left with some grated Parmesan and sundried tomato pieces. But the flavors are good and comforting so it remains my favorite option. My friend had the lentil soup which she loved and promptly finished. Aladdins is a good place for an easy meal or take out, but is not a culinary experience.", 3, 1], "LAMk_3mImK7O56sNuGl9-Q": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/17/2015", "Well, the food was not bad (mediocre). I thought the portion was a little too small for the price. The interesting thing was that by the end of our dinner, we were vehemently scolded by our waitress for being \"rude customers\". There were 8 of us and we were there to celebrate our friend's birthday. We had some intimate and friendly conversations and we didn't ask her to do anything outrageous during the entire dinner. Apparently, she overheard parts of our conversation on restaurant experiences at other places and tipping in general. She thought that we were not going to tip her well so she took offense and decided to confront us about it. She told us that we don't deserve to eat at a restaurant like Aladdin's if we don't tip well (in fact, as a party, we actually had to each tip her 18%. We didn't think that was bad tip...). She also complained about giving us individual bills since, for some reason, it was extremely challenging to do at Aladdin's. By the end, she emphasized that she goes to Cornell yet the majority of waiters and waitresses don't go to college and she had to teach us a lesson on behalf of the rest of the poorly educated waiting community.We couldn't believe that we got a waitress like that and we had no idea why she thought that it was acceptable to just come and scold us the way she did. We had a really bad time near the end. The management certainly didn't take our complaint seriously. They were apparently busy with things more important than customer experience. I don't think any of us is ever going back there. It's simply not worth it.Overall, I wouldn't recommend Aladdin's if you value your night out and don't want to risk getting scolded by your waitress!", 1, 2], "BYUV8cMxROOfow70YJTAow": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/6/2015", "One of my favorites in Ithaca for sure, and I have been to almost every restaurant in this city. so much better than that dry bland Soulvaki House if you are deciding between them. The food is always very good and the atmosphere is quaint yet stylish and lively. The soulvaki plate, chicken soulvaki, and soulvaki combos are my favorite dishes.", 5, 1], "iiIeP0ezjG50PlMvY4euww": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/18/2015", "Love their pastas ... Get the sundried tomato pesto with any of the linguini Also the falafel salad and creamy vegetable soup are pretty good. Ask for the hot sauce with your falafel salad", 4, 3], "KIJMxrBCRtHdY1_DSOsfaA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/16/2015", "The food is amazing, the prices are reasonable and the staff is attentive. The restaurant has an interesting decor that feels very comfortable and the portions are generous. I finally had the chance to eat here after wanting to try it for months and I am not disappointed. I will definitely be back.", 5, 2], "2yBby_g-midbuetT0AwRow": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/26/2015", "The food is good and has some flare to it but there was generally a lack of options as most of them are pita or pasta. The service was fine but slow and the price is more than it should be.", 3, 0], "5trcv7S-qDE4WbkbCEMkKw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/23/2015", "The food was healthy. We got the gyro plate and a pasta dish. I also lost my debit card there and they kept it for me until I went back and got it! Yay Aladdin.", 4, 6], "iamQJ6bBun7gVYPi1s3New": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/31/2015", "Great Mediterranean food. I am a big of fan of the souvlaki plate and the fruit salad. The lentil soup is also great. It is a bit on the pricey side though.", 4, 0], "uvOtD29sc8mFG-Xsv2trNw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/27/2015", "Spanakopita was greasy but flavorful. The salad was rigid and lacked flavor. The food was generally average but the staff were very personable. Good for a quick meal or a generous helping of pasta but certainly not a fine dining establishment.", 3, 0], "PFa3SlAAotxVqOUjcBt93g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/22/2015", "On a vist to the Cornell campus we walked the streets at 9pm looking for some dinner and came upon Aladdin's. The reviews didn't seem stellar but I am a sucker for Mediterranean food. We were pleasantly surprised. We all shared Raviolis, Gyros and Lasagna. Great service and a reasonable bill will bring us back next time in Ithaca.", 4, 2], "fBp_QzL0f0ULIhDgq7XpgQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/17/2015", "Salad in everything, which wasn't that great either. On time delivery but I hated that after spending $52, we had such an average food.", 2, 0], "iMNXQ9p7_PpZl7i1kUl5wQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/18/2014", "I didn't have high hopes for a college town restaurant, so the mediocre food wasn't a surprise. They were out of chicken, which based on the menu, was a staple item. The hummus was unremarkable, and the pita served with it was dry. My main dish, the Moussaka, was tasty albeit overcooked/reheated poorly. Prices seemed high for a college location. Service was friendly and attentive, overall it was an OK experience. I'd probably try another Greek place in the future.", 3, 0], "O39kEVDd5kGE07vDXZ0m_A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/8/2014", "Walked in tonight after many many years away. 1st thing on their bb:/ vegan roasted red pepper fettuccine. Ordered the Vegan fettuccine with Tourlou sauce- was very spicy & flavorful. So good in the cold weather!!!", 4, 0], "ORDgcqX98MzL9QOPeieLWw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/1/2014", "After a walk on the cascadilla gorge, this was a delicious and refreshing lunch! Souvlaki salad and chicken Caesar Pita were ordered. Everything was fresh as can be!!! Yum!!", 5, 1], "AZ_O28Bg7-ZRYKcwJ03wzQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/3/2014", "Inedible and a huge stretch calling this Mediterranean food. Rude service. Filthy silverware. This is not even close to a natural eatery as their slogan claims. Your greasy, half cooked chicken pita will come with oily flavorless onions and fried pita chips. Hummus is bland and the Baba tastes like peanut butter. Waitress Jessica asked how the food was and we both politely said it was sub par and had to endure her confrontational attitude. Never again.", 1, 0], "34y9l9TGaT793iwvpatPiQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/9/2014", "I've been here several times as service is inconsistent as it is hard to get the servers' attention when you're sitting outside. The food tastes pretty good but can also be inconsistent in terms of preparation. My friends and I ordered similar pasta dishes with grilled meats for additional costs. But when the food arrived, my plate only had 1 stick of beef whereas all the others had 2 sticks of beef/chicken. Another time I ordered a pasta that was supposed to be saucy. I don't remember the name of it and all I know is it was green. I looked it up on Wikipedia before ordering to familiarize myself. When the dish came, it did not have a thick sauce like the internet claimed, but a watery soupy texture. Even if Wikipedia were wrong, the consistency of the sauce was way too brothy to be paired with pasta. Next time I go I'll be sure to call these things out.", 3, 2], "OuovtjpFmldb6tEpiKv0Kg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/4/2014", "Meditteranean food (except hummus pita) is super good, as is the pasta. Salads are ok.", 4, 0], "nLNkSXbV13V5hdYYKEQ_eA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/18/2014", "This is by far my favorite restaurant in Ithaca. My go to order was always the Mediterranean Salad, which was topped with marinated eggplant, goat cheese and vinaigrette dressing. The salads are enormous so you are left feeling very satisfied! My friends always order the basil pesto pasta which I always stole some bites from. The pasta was extremely delicious!", 5, 3], "NT1aWfYto6lFfKJnOrkSeA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/25/2014", "I ordered pita pockets (a variety) for 40 people at a lunchtime meeting, and I was just as pleased as could be with the quality of delicious fillings, the generous portions, and great packing job Aladdin's did for us. The manager I worked with was good about avoiding certain ingredients people were allergic to, and was easy to work with in every way. The chefs carried everything to my car. Guests raved about the food, and I was delighted.", 5, 0], "vyuy0Vgw2TN3wg6NiSQJuw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/22/2014", "This is probably one of the better places in Collegetown, but the bar isn't set that high to begin with. They have a pretty big menu, and some items can be customized like the pasta. I tried the basil pesto with garlic pepper linguini and grilled chicken and thought it was pretty good.The problem with this place is the price though. A relatively small plate of pasta should not cost $13. Also the chicken that came with it was really small. The quality of the food doesn't justify paying that much.It looks like a nice place to have small group dinners though. In the warmer seasons you can sit outdoors on a nice patio.", 3, 3], "GBi-qecgokOtsOx0rEcq4A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/17/2014", "One of the better places to eat in Collegetown.. but the food checks out to alright... nothing incredibly special.", 3, 0], "MO071FPS5ks0AiJCw6-PQg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/22/2013", "Pretty standard Mediterranean grub priced for a college student.A reservation never really needs to be made unless the group is over 6 or so people. The daily hummus specials can sound a little odd but try them! The jalapeno hummus is by far the best. Try the tzatziki on some falafel - so yummy!Reservations aren't needed unless the group is over 6 + people - there is always room even though Alladin's gets crowded on weekend nights past 7PM. Preferably, try to snag a table on the lower level. Upstairs feel a little cramped and claustophobic whereas downstairs is much more roomy and feels \"cleaner.\" Better yet, in the warmer months, the outdoor seating on their patio is SO NICE and a treat after studying inside for hours. Be sure to try their gazpacho during the summer and springtime - it's better than CTB's.", 3, 2], "SDssjkv_bohGenP1ES23aA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/7/2013", "The worst tabouli I have ever ate. It was parsley, not chopped, just pulled off of the stem, and some bulgur. Could've bought a head of parsley for $1.50 at the grocery store and had the same effect. Go to Sahara in the Ithaca Commons if you want awesome tabouli. I ordered a chicken pita, got beef. I can't eat beef. In my not-chicken pita there were 5 diced tomatoes, and 7 diced onions. That's it. Complete disappointment. Extremely unsatisfactory. Still can't believe I just paid $6.50 for parsley in a plastic container and $6.50 for a pita I can't eat. Tried to order a meal so I wouldn't have to eat dining hall food tonight, but I'm actually looking forward to dining hall food after this disaster.", 1, 1], "1Jf3XYlusyAGBUSlgMumXw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/6/2013", "I usually don't get salad but that night I really enjoyed the salad there. The atmosphere is really chill and nice. And they have a large selection of salad and entree. The price is pretty fair. And it's a place that suitable for a group of people to go.", 4, 3], "6nFtyMUDoiE1kcGs5eJ8ow": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/12/2013", "Born and raised in Ithaca, I didn't come to Aladdins until I was in my 40s! The pros (and, unfortunately, none of them had to do with the food): It was air conditioned well. Not every place is in the summer! It was clean and cool and hip. The con - - and it is a big one! -- is that the food was totally bland. I had the bistecca and the \"tender beef grilled to perfection\" was dry and the cavatelli was glaringly bland. I took it all home and doctored it up the next day with sauce and spices. (I was in a meeting and not in a good position to send food back or I would have. The whole plate.) My husband had a gyro that was \"okay\" and our guest had a pasta dish about which she was not enthused. I do have a suggestion, though! If you are going to go there, I would get a salad. I bet they do salads really well.", 2, 0], "kNRbWSovQZDTFstQNk8iHQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/15/2013", "I spent 4 years in Ithaca at Cornell and I never went here but I did recently dined at Aladdin's with my girlfriend during reunion weekend. I was impressed! I had the gallina with fresh garlic pepper linguini. The chicken was of good quality and deliciously flavored, the pasta was fresh, and all for $12-13. What's not to like?! The restaurant is super casual and the service was friendly!", 4, 3], "77VRavS41fPDB-1toPVuZA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/8/2013", "Alladins has quality food in college town (somewhat hard to find). However, the food tends to be overpriced. I do enjoy the fruit and nut salad as a dessert. In my opinion their salad dressing has too much oil and too little vinegar, but my main complaint is that I always seem to get sick after eating a salad here. I think I might be allergic to something they use to wash their vegetables or something.", 3, 0], "VXx-Iqb8TIpe-6_SvSYcrQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/24/2013", "I ordered a Gyro Pita for delivery and though the flavor was decent, it was half the size a gyro should be. It barely had any meat. I personally thought it was slacking especially for the price of it. Coming from NYC, I guess my expectations were too high. I rather just get a gyro from a street vendor for the same price.", 2, 0], "yDwvbWSqAjkKak5QfcmoZA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/4/2013", "Only thing that is good on the menu: Sun-dried Tomato Pesto with Portobello Mushroom Ravioli and Chicken. $12.50. Disregard the rest of the menu.Update 4/8/2013: So I get a dish that comes with a burnt bread so I ask for another piece. A secondary waitress (just to indicate it was not our primary waitress) comes by and gives another piece and does not take back the burnt one, sure I have no problem with this. So I finish my meal normally but a friend was hungry so he wanted some leftovers and decides to eat the burnt bread. When the check arrives (primary waitress delivers it) and I am charged extra for bread. I explain that I was asking for a replacement because I received a burnt piece, she responds by asking for the evidence that it was burned so she can show it to the chefs, I explain that my friend decided to eat it but that the secondary waitress did not choose to take it back to show to the chefs so why would I assume that I should keep the bread on my plate or wherever to show to you later? If you wanted my bread for evidence then take it away when I first bring it to your attention. Waitress had a very disrespectful tone but eventually took of the extra charge. I don't know if I'll be back here.", 1, 2], "PvAOtDSKaOjJqbJ8U6fwBw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/31/2013", "It's good if you enjoy large amounts of salads. As with one reviewer below, I agree with the sentiment that the plates are \"90% lettuce and 10% actual food.\" I remember ordering what from the description seemed like a nice meat option, only to get a huge salad, with a few small pieces of meat. I went as part of a group outing, and most of us were discontent with our choice of restaurant afterwards. From the restaurants I have gone to around to Cornell campus, this is the one I have the least fond memories of. The only positive was the environment inside, hence the two stars.", 2, 2], "1LRol_H2qR-TOwgUhSiKyA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/21/2012", "We went to Aladdins thinking the food was going to be good. Boy, what a tremendous disappointment with the food. I would admit, though, that the service was good, albeit, maybe because we practically had the place to ourselves. It was around 2:30pm.When we arrived and were seated, we were told a list of items they had run out of such as spinach, chicken salad, among a few other things.We ordered the Dolmades. The Basmati rice in the Dolmades seemed more like a sticky paste instead of rice. The tzatziki sauce didn't have any flavor whatsoever.The chicken souvlaki was a bomb at $12.95. There were literally 3 pieces of chicken (not skewered with peppers and onions as the menu states) atop some lame greens with 2 or 3 small tomato pieces, which weren't fresh... so much for \"served over a large greek salad\"... it was non-existent.The humus pita was also a great disappointment. It was not filled with mixed greens, alfafa sprouts and scallions. Instead they were filled with some lame green lettuce, a few tomato pieces and what seemed as a \"ton\", and I mean a \"ton\" of humus just slopped into the pita..... making it unmanageable to eat because of the \"blob\" of humus.Do not waste your money at Aladdin's. The food is not worth it.", 1, 0], "r3E2YbtjvrzEvfoeDpOHJw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "11/16/2012", "Aladdins is one of two Mediterranean themed restaurants in Collegetown, the other being Souvlaki House. I experienced Aladdins for the first time two years ago and was not impressed, but decided to give it a second chance.The Grub --* Souvlaki Plate ($12.95) - Diced tender beef, grilled to perfection, onion on a skewer, marinated and grilled over a Greek saladVenue Review --It just turned out that my friends and I decided to dine at Aladdin's on Election night. They were closing shop early (8:45pm), so when we got there at 8:15pm, all the chairs had been put away and not a soul was in sight. The dining area is interesting, split between two levels by staircases. It's definitely not your coziest or most comfortable spot (the chairs are only lightly padded metal).Food Review --The Souvlaki Plate was essentially a salad with a few pieces of beef scattered here and there (see picture). The bland beef and cold pita slices were unsatisfying. The cherry tomatoes were fresh but it didn't help that the lettuce was dry and the other veggies didn't have much personality. The rest of the group's dishes were just as disappointing.Service Review --Since the kitchen was winding down, I thought our food might take a while, but it came out rather quickly. It was obvious that the hostess and server wanted us to leave as soon as possible. Service was mediocre, we didn't receive any of the usual \"how is everything?\" or \"would you like a refill of water?\"Overall Impression --This was my second time at Aladdins, and it pains me to say that this is a place I hope I don't have to eat at again. The prices here at Aladdins were ridiculous. The Souvlaki Plate was $12.95, plus our group gratuity, tax and tip, my total came out to $18. I've heard that the Souvlaki House around the corner serves much bigger portions, giving you more bang for your buck. It's next on my list, hopefully it proves more favorable a dining experience.", 1, 10], "pBufN0hezjQu0EJKb3m16A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/22/2012", "Options options optionsNot only does Aladdins have lots of salads, plates, and wraps, but the pasta is customizable. You can select from a list of pasta types and sauces. The portions are pretty large but somehow we always end up finishing our dishes. Perpare to leave the restaurant feeling full!Lastly, make sure to try the fruit and nut salad (which is like a giant parfait with heftier fruits)", 4, 0], "EzVw24h0j1vmNqbkJBIoCQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/12/2012", "I returned to Ithaca for Slope Day as an alum, and one of the first places I wanted to go back to was Aladdin's. It was just as I remembered, and the excellent rating still stands. :)I had the pastisio and realized that my favorite is actually the moussaka. The pastisio was still very good though. It reminded me of Mediterranean baked ziti?I came here with two friends, and I was impressed by the customer service. Normally, we would receive the check and have to take the time to figure out how to split the check since everyone's add different things and would therefore owe different amounts. The waitress nicely asked if we would like three separate checks, which made it so convenient so that we wouldn't have to figure out who owed what, and we could all pay with whatever payment method we wanted.Normally, restaurants give customers a hard time when the customers ask to have separate checks, have multiple forms of payment, or require specific amounts to be put on each card. Aladdin's definitely anticipates the customer's needs and provided great customer service!", 4, 1], "Wzj3aOiwImtmi4cEHIBeWQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/24/2012", "The ingredients are so yummy and fresh, and this restaurant is very vegetarian friendly but can satisfy meat eaters as well. The falafel is crisp is delicious, and the mushroom ravioli is perfectly cooked. They also have a large selection of rich desserts for only $3-5.", 5, 4], "-_XTDl9QLOZFjwPELLzkOA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/8/2012", "Decent food... Very rude hostess, and extremely slow service!! Enter with very low expectations.", 2, 1], "g_CJe3wpxg0PJ8EAHL8jeA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/5/2012", "Favorite place to eat in collegetown. The pasta is great, they have a pretty good drink selection, the appetizers are great and the menu is very affordable. They offer some unique items on their menu and the desserts are good as well; the cheesecakes are the best.", 5, 1], "uHA-LMldf9Vo2K37mRcXow": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/16/2012", "Aladdins is one of the few sit down restaurants in College Town that actually feels somewhat 'grown-up'. I really like the Fruit and Nut salad (best to share it). The chicken thighs, whether on a salad, or in the wraps are also a winner. The pasta and the entrees are somewhat overpriced.", 4, 0], "wnglc4P3GdvdHMkMUepmnQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/14/2011", "Aladdin's is definitely one of the best Collegetown options for dinner, etc. It's on the pricier end of the college budget, but they use good ingredients and it's really healthy. The best item on their menu, in my opinion, is their fruit and yogurt salad. Absolutely delicious. Their soups are pretty good too. The desserts and pasta, eh. Part of the healthy thing, though, is that like 75% of their main dishes are functionally salads, including their non-salad \"main course\" options. So if you want a super-hearty Mediterranean meal, you're not in luck. Atmosphere is generally quiet enough that you can have a conversation, and it's normally not too busy. If it's nice enough, you can sit outside, etc.", 4, 0], "6FtVvY0ZqR0V89rLcK3N4g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/1/2011", "The food is decidedly mediocre and the service the last time I ate there was atrocious. Our waitress forgot to put chicken in our black bean and chicken soup. When we brought this up to her she asked if she could bring bits of chicken that we could add ourselves. When i told her that we would prefer the kitchen to add it she brought back 2 cold soups with piles of chicken on top, not stirred in, and splashes all over the plate. As a former waitress and manager I could not believe such rude and unprofessional behavior.", 1, 0], "QNU5FpJjXH6RbkW4pPRedw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "11/12/2011", "Great food - had delicious lentil soup and terrific Greek salad; my sons had pasta, falafel and spanakopita. Everything was excellent. Friendly, quick service, very reasonable prices.", 5, 0], "kOnagoyfkEGly1KZjrwxxQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/15/2011", "Aladdin's is a staple for every Cornellian. Compared to other places, it's on the cheap side. Pita Pit across the street is a little more expensive. The things I love about it definitely are the price and food. I wouldn't recommend ordering the pasta, since that tends to be on the pricier side and not as good. The oil is a total turn off. However, I love their desserts, pitas, hummus, and soups. I stick to those things when I'm there, since I know those are always good. The falafel on the other hand is a hit or miss, depending on the day.", 4, 0], "WGamJ4R6yWwqO_wPzwTtAA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/2/2011", "Went here as my first dining out experience in Ithaca. We chose it primarily b/c of the cold weather we didn't feel like walking far from the parking garage. Also, we had heard that it was decent. So my friend and I were thinking about pastas, but I saw a pasta dish that came out that didn't look very appetizing at all, so we decided against it. My friend got the gyro and I got the falafel pita. Her pita the gyro was wrapped in, seemed microwaved as it was sort of elastic and parts were inedible because of how hard they were. My falafel pita was a joke. There were only 3 falafel pieces in the pita, with about 80% lettuce. I almost felt a little ripped off. The falafels themselves though were good, but that was about it. The service was mediocre, as the waitress seemed too busy to make eye contact with us while we were ordering. What topped off our experience there was hearing an undergrad sitting at the table next to us say to one of her friends who (was deciding what to order), \"Oh my God, everything in this place amazing!\" My friend and I kind of looked each other and couldn't help but laugh. Overall, definitely would suggest to any other visitors to Cornell not to waste their time at this place.", 2, 0], "OyCWCLgLnBoUqMRQOFcFbw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/12/2011", "Pricey (like virtually everything in Collegetown) and just not very good. Food is either bland (hummus pita) or overly salty (meat platter)/greasy (chicken tortilla soup). Why do people still come here? Oh, yeah. Dessert.", 2, 0], "F5Ve3HvQ2aT0k_dRpCTLnQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/5/2010", "I am a HUGE gyro pita fan and this was one of the only places that served this (except Pita Pit across the street) in Collegetown. Whenever I came here, I would get it without fail or even get it for take-out when the craving kicked in (they wrap in foil and it stays nice and warm and the pita is so soft and chewy). The gyro meat is so good.Faithful as I am to my gyro pita, I've also tried other dishes here. I've had the fruit and nut salad, which is also really good. I've had the basilica and pistacho pasta. I really liked the pastas, but I could only have the pistachio sauce in moderation, as it does get a bit overpowering and is pretty oily.The place itself is pretty spacious and can seat pretty big parties (~20 once for a birthday party). The ambiance really works well if you're looking for something intimate, like a one-on-one date. The service is okay. The wait might be a little bit on the longer side, but the food is worth the somewhat of a wait.", 4, 1], "e9iCTXI9W-yakfEFqeJbTQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/1/2010", "Honestly, it's not great. Because it's one of the \"healthy\" options in collegetown, it gets decent amounts of customers. None of the dishes are too great. I could have made those pastas, the souvlaki plate, the pitas, all at home. My friend got the babaganoosh (pardon my spelling) pita and it tasted like UQ#(*U(!#J. Like dayum, it was freaking disgusting. My souvlaki plate was SO SMALL for a 12 dollar meal (basically a salad with small chunks of beef). The beef tasted alright, but not worth the $15 including tip/tax.Overall, decent atmosphere, but ridiculously overpriced food you can make yourself, and probably tastes better if you make it at home. Poor Cornell kids... because we don't have many other options...", 1, 10], "mMH3f78ZE2v0VLoqMUOthg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "8/25/2010", "Sort of yum...Everyone raves about the fruit and nut salad here but I think it's overpriced and you can definitely make the same dish at home (unless you're COMPLETELY culinarily impaired).The greek food is pretty good (gyro, shawarma, falafel, anything that comes in a pita) but overpriced, in my opinion. The pasta dishes are good, and when you read the menu descriptions, they all sound really delicious, but I've found that they usually come out drowning in oil and it makes me feel gross and greasy and unhealthy.They do make some delicious salads and it's a cute place to maybe go on a date or something, but it's nothing too special, in my opinion.", 3, 0], "jbUhj0TSh-Mg2MHdG8KKEA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/24/2010", "After a long night of wedding festivities, the next morning all I wanted was Aladdins -- should have gone to Five Guys.I grew up going to Aladdins in Rochester on Schoen Place and Monroe Ave and those two location are always so good and super fresh, so I thought this one would be the same, but it wasn't [I don't think they are even the same owners as the Roc locations].My gyro pita bread was hard as heck and it took sheer strength to rip it apart. The shish kebab I ordered was DISGUSTING.Aside from the pita bread always being stale, I opened the wrap up and the meat was sitting in a 1/4 inch of OIL. Sooooo revolting.The dolmades were oddly flavorless and the only redeeming part of my meal was the fresh OJ mixed with fruit--and that was just okay.Sad. Would never return to this location.", 1, 1], "2uzEs_tS2W6Pl5ZNOww9kQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "5/8/2010", "Great place for Greek food. I'm a big fan of the moussaka. Their falafel is a little dry and their gyros are fine. When the weather is nice, chose to sit out on the patio. Overall, this place is pretty good and it is also a nice break from the other choices in Collegetown.", 3, 0], "e9J1uUHhxsLfzzCqVYlzBw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/9/2010", "Let's keep it (relatively) short and sweet for Aladdin's: I'd make this a 3.5, but it's closer to 3 than 4 so which is why I gave it a 3. Some big pluses: Aladdin's offers tasty food (notables: the moussaka, gyros, vegetarian combo, lentil soup, and the ravioli) that is pretty fresh, healthy options (especially for Collegetown, which is sadly devoid of such food) with lots of veggies, very nice service (especially an older gentleman who works there, maybe the owner? who is super attentive with refilling our water, fast with our orders, and flexible about splitting the check). I like that you can order a nice brew (I am a fan of Hoegaarden, which I'm glad they have) which goes nicely with their dishes. Quite good for Ithaca overall.Some things to consider: sometimes it is harder to seat big groups, and the seating arrangement itself is not conducive for inclusive conversation for the members of those big groups (ie: big groups are seated at long tables where the person on the far left can't see the person on the far right, or even conveniently talk to someone a seat or two away). Also, once my friend got a pasta dish, which is supposed to be hot. Instead, it came out luke-warm. Overall, this is a nice place for a casual meal in Ithaca.", 3, 5], "fYp5UiEak6Wi0orcS-BwtA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "2/9/2010", "I was in Ithaca visiting my best friend and came to Aladdins for brunch.I ordered a beef gyro and the fruit, nuts, and yogurt salad drizzled with honey. I can't really speak on the authenticity of the dish but I was satisfied. I thought the salad was overpriced for something I could make at home though... which I now do.  Aladdin's is probably one of the better restaurants in the area though. I would go back given the limited selection of eateries.", 3, 1], "kwu2DuaRHfENcOo3v3wx_g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/29/2010", "The food here is good and the prices are right, but I personally think the whole place is overrated. My friends used to rave about it and eat here 5 nights a week, but personally, I think it's nothing to write home about. The salads are good, not great, and the pasta is yummy, but again, nothing special.", 3, 1], "ziLT94B8tmodeD1468TQhw": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/12/2010", "This was one of the places in Ithaca that I would only visit, if I absolutely had to. The reasons?1. Their cuisine is not Greek at all, although it claims so. Falafel and humus have nothing to do with Greece. And for the rest of the menu, the only greek thing is the name,.2. Their plates are typically 90% lettuce and 10% actual food.3. Their pasta that is always oily.4. The awful spanakopita they are serving when they are catering events. Or maybe those falafels?5. The meat that always tasted like if it has been frozen for a decade before being served.", 2, 8], "mjSuoxNSXNcHNvcxm2Ao6g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "11/6/2009", "My wife practically bowled me over to write this review, she loves Aladdin's so much. Or, I should say, she loves the Souvlaki plate at Aladdin's. The pastas, other salads, pitas, soups and desserts are also reliably delicious, but it's the greek salad and grilled meat that my wife craves on a regular basis even though we now live almost 400 miles away. Aladdin's is great for healthy and tasty food. We haven't been able to find a single place in Boston (where we now live) that makes as good a salad.In the summer, the outdoor seating is best served with an ice cold beer.", 4, 1], "Pj48WqdS6lPNl4vNoAFmgA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/7/2009", "I'm still a fan of Aladdin's, but if I were to NOT recommend something, it would be anything that they slather with mayo. I'm personally not a big mayo fan in the first place, but even my friend, who loves mayo, found my chicken salad too much. Their entree plates (souvlaki, gyro, etc), pita sandwiches, and pasta entrees are still your best bets in terms of both quality and price. Aladdin's is still a great place to eat, and there's something for everyone.", 4, 2], "Sgad8cJyxnYkaI2yodDf3A": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/24/2009", "The souvlaki plate is absolutely delicious. It's not too heavy, has very fresh greens, the Greek dressing is perfect, and the portions are generous. If you are visiting Ithaca, I think you'd do yourself a disservice not to try Aladdins at least once.Like others have said, the service may not have been the most attentive but they were there when needed and they also certainly didn't try to rush us out.", 5, 1], "BZYeGKInJuNJf588qk65_g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "6/4/2009", "This place is certainly the best place for mediterranian food in Ithaca. I love the pastas, the salads and the pitas. Very nice environment with reasonable price.", 5, 0], "z7i9DSqLnulgpHWqfEz9BQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "3/18/2009", "Aladdins is one of my favorite places to eat or grab takeout in Collegetown. My favorites are the souvlaki plate (delicious beef kebab chunks on a large salad with pita wedges, olives, feta cheese, mmm), the tahini yogurt dressing, and the fruit and nut salad (it's HUGE! and soo delicious. great for sharing). If you're really on a budget, the pitas are the way to go. Tasty and cheap. I also love events with Aladdins catering.The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because the service there is usually mediocre. That doesn't stop me from coming, though.", 4, 1], "qjxjk56GDCcJwXOC_Y0BsA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "1/17/2009", "Aladdins may not be the best Mediterranean restaurant, but it sure is the best in Ithaca. Everything is fresh and tasty and most of the menu works with a college kid's wallet. The service is generally good and quick, as is the wait--I've only had to wait for a table once and it was no more than 10 minutes (even during graduation week). The pita sandwiches are seriously the size of a human head, the hummus is divine, the gyros are filling, the falafel is fantastic and the fruit & nut salad is a great treat for anytime of the day.Why four stars? My roommate saw the waitresses picking at a giant bowl of fruit (for the fruit/nut salads) with their fingers. But that didn't stop me from eating there again.", 4, 0], "6DMudcrjHiJONeVIpQ-dAA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "11/28/2008", "Aladdins has the best lemonade I've ever had.I return to ithaca maybe 2-3 times a year if I'm lucky, each with a visit to Aladdins, each time for the lemonade.true story.", 4, 6], "CwTkSXMWVc0Q60zgrdCJJA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "10/11/2008", "Your napkin is paper, your water glass plastic, your fork tin. Your table may even possess a small wobble, inspired no doubt by the uneven (though friendly) service. Nevertheless I recommend Aladdin's for a feel-good-about-yourself dinner. Your options include pastas (reasonable though not gluttonous portions), entree-salads (fresh ingredients and grilled meat if you want it - prosaic but fine), or Greek specialties like moussaka or pastitsio (when describing these dishes the menu presents bechamel in quotation marks, which I took to mean \"do not order\").The food, as I've meant to suggest, is pretty good. Plus there's an adequate wine list. Of course be prepared for the wrong glass and filled to the brim. But who am I to complain about a glass too full. The point, however, of going to Aladdin's is to eat a healthy meal then survey the dessert case; this is not the place to share. At least 6 choices await, all good enough to inspire thoughts of muted lights, linen napkins, and a waiter who is not working his was through college. Which is to say they are 5-star. The coffee, unfortunately, is as thin as the napkins.With a background of college voices to conjure a carefree past.", 3, 3], "PFGlLhRB2VqkN-d44E5jvQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/26/2008", "So far my favorite place to eat in Ithaca. The food here is incredibly fresh and delicious; I really enjoyed the moussaka, and the dressing on the Greek salad is out of this world. Don't forget to save room for dessert, their offerings are always incredible!", 5, 1], "AokSZz-OpovH-Eq-a0yC8w": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "9/9/2008", "Best Mediterranean in Ithaca. The waiters are friendly, the food relatively inexpensive and delightfully fresh. The vegetables crunch, the rice fills your mouth with a warm welcome cloud of steam, and even the gyro meat is to be savoured. Best of all, nothing is slathered in sauce. It's cuisine with nothing to hide.", 5, 5], "DgMg1voQKosNjdt0xew5FA": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/13/2008", "At the time, this place I considered somewhat on the expensive side - plates were maybe $12...I returned after graduation, and wow, do I appreciate the prices so much more now! Its cheap!! =)The food here is delicious, and very fresh. The souvlaki plate is large and tasty, meat grilled to perfection. Hummus is good, and what is surprising - the fruit and nut salad with yogurt and honey. omg soo fresh and delicious. I love this place. I hope this restaurant never changes...", 5, 0], "ZT9YsyTkzvb9Wu7_umI76g": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/19/2008", "A staple during my Cornell years. Relatively inexpensive, yet nice enough to be considered 'going out' (versus 'i'm too lazy to cook, where should we grab food?'). I like the organic, natural, healthy vibe.My favorites are the salads (especially the yogurt salad) and pastas.", 4, 0], "spE8RL0Wef0U22Aon6HV_Q": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/26/2007", "Great (and cheap) Mediterranean cuisine. The \"natural eatery\" part means it kinda sorta caters to the vegan/vegetarian/half-hippie/otherwise superhealthy Ithaca crowd. I always get the build-your-own pasta when I come here: I suggest the ravioli with pesto, olives and chicken. You can get as much or as little chicken as you'd like; each piece is an individual extra charge. They have a little outdoor patio, homemade desserts, and a mezzanine level that's usually quieter. It's a great place to come for a celebratory dinner if you don't want to leave collegetown, or simply as a nicer alternative to someplace like, uh, Mama T's.", 4, 0], "yIrSnTaet2jGbOqeqnkxXg": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/18/2007", "Maybe it was what I ordered whenever I came (usually a wrap or pita, occasionally a pasta dish), or maybe it was the ingredients, but two things are certain - the food was delicious, and I never felt over-full or suffered a food coma after eating here. That's gotta say something.", 5, 3], "hqjUQbA2LzqGcJ0iM4CbaQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "4/18/2007", "In days long past, I used to eat here at Aladdin's everytime I went out to eat. This was the go-to place for my friends and me when we wanted something non-dining hall, or to celebrate something, or whatever. This is where we went. I can still remember my very first visit, ever. It was an 8pm dinner #2. I wanted something light, so I ordered the fruit and nut salad, which is fantastic. It's yogurt, fruit, nuts, and honey. MMMMMM, so refreshing, yet filling. But over the course of my visits, I was more adventurous and have tried everything from their veggie appetizers, to wraps, to pitas, to salads, to soups, to pastas. And let me tell you, it's alllllllllllllllllllllllllllll good.And now, let me share with you my most favourite items. I absolutely ADOOOOOOOORE their mediterranean salad. A bed of mixed greens topped with warm (sauteed and marinated) eggplant over subsequently melted goat cheese (oh drool!), all drizzled with a lovely vinaigrette. Mmmm. Ok, and my second favourite thing (because robust as it may have been, I could never live with myself if I routinely ordered a salad as a meal) is the basil pesto pasta, usually with the portabello ravioli. I used to cut the raviolis diagonally twice, and eat them in triangular quarters, to maximize the length of my eating experience, and to make sure I savoured, not scarfed.They also have excellent veggie chili (HOT and HEARTY!) and lemonade. And they have the best, richest desserts. I don't think they make them, I think they bring them in from somewhere (next door?), but who cares where they got them. They are always visually enticing, and gustatorially tantalizing. MMMMMMM. As I recall, the midnight cake was my favourite.AND!! I remember coming after slope day! That was the best. The very thoughtful waiter exercised some executive decision-making and withheld the yogurt from my drunky mcdrunkdrunk friend's fruit and yogurt salad. Thanks (I think his name is Jonathan)!Oh, Aladdin's, I love you like a dear old friend - I never get to see you, but when I do, we just pick up right where we left off. It's beautiful, simply beautiful.", 5, 1], "JDeRlS5F1ecqFXRkmWZncQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "12/7/2006", "My boyfriend explained this place to me as \"Mediterranean Chili's\" and boy, did he hit it on the head! Except, unlike Chili's, Aladdin's is very big on the whole organic thing. They also seem to use very fresh ingredients, which I can't always say that Chili's does:)The menu here is huge and extensive--and once you pick something, like a pasta, there will be 5 other choices for you to pick from (pepper fettuccine? garlic rigatoni?). Once it comes out--it's delicious! I've only had one opportunity to eat here, but trust me, with a menu like that--I'll be back!", 5, 0], "24DMXdEMfF-mQh1VtvRDGQ": ["Yelp", "Aladdin\u2019s Natural Eatery", "7/5/2005", "Aladdins seems to cater to the organic crowd at Cornell. They serve up your usual assortment of falafels, wraps, pitas, greek olives, alfalfa, and yogurt sauces. They definitely do their thing well, though. For $5, I got a behemoth of a pita stuffed with all natural, and very tasty ingredients. Why can't I get food this fresh at restaurants in Albany? Probably because Cornell is totally surrounded by farmland. My companion ordered a baba ghannouj wrap, but was informed by the waiter that \"they had no baba.\" Baba? No baba. It didn't matter. The lack of baba was made up for by the introduction of the \"no baba\" phrase. I could see this place becoming a weekly takeout order for me if I was a Cornell student.", 4, 5]}
{"85jWUp5m_FmvKvuRi5VxxA": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "7/29/2018", "If you like seafood, check this place out. If you like fried food, check this place out. If you like fried seafood ... well, you know what to do.I tried their fried fish, shrimp, clam strips, and scallops and they were all fresh, tender, and delicious. The scallops especially are amazing.The staff are real nice and friendly too. Overall, a fantastic place for fried seafood!", 5, 2], "uLxxw6fsq-OS9au0hesX_g": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "5/5/2018", "I went to this place long ago. Me and my friends were very hungry so we ordered lots of food to go since we got some where to be. The guy on the counter was also friendly but I give two less star because he asked me \" you sure you have enough money to pay for all of this?\" That was very rude of him to look down on us. The food was so good though. This is the first place that ever asked if I have enough money to pay.", 3, 2], "EOjBZCmRR00JLmKZf_Lw_Q": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "3/10/2018", "One of the hidden jewels in Ithaca.Their Fried Clams Strips are awesome...Reminds of the Clam Strips I used to get at HoJo's many years ago..Yes, it is better than Doug's which is not what it used to be...As far as the Staff, I find them to be just fine ..they treat me well when I go there. I wish they were open weekend's or a little later at night.They are off the beaten path so sometimes I forget they are there and go to other options on route 13 etc..", 4, 0], "8-bI0WxCFyr8zQ3dZYjzBQ": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "10/9/2017", "Probably the shortest review I'll ever give. This is the only place I trust in town to make anything fried. I get a fish fry at least once a month from here. The attitude of the people who work there is hit or miss depending on the day. I've definitely given them an eyeroll or two because of their grumpiness over absolutely nothing at times. But, I'll keep coming back because their food has never faltered.", 5, 1], "XCDFLIn-MXosMzO0glo1PQ": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "7/20/2017", "I was a little worried at first. It's a small older place in the middle of a neighborhood. But the food and service was amazing. The guy running the counter was extremely friendly and talkative. This place left more an impression than any high end restaurant.I came with a family of 12 and everybody loved it. This place is a true hidden gem.", 5, 1], "ehiUQMkhcc7zSI5ufj3P9w": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "2/17/2017", "I had the shrimp dinner and the shrimp was fresh and perfectly cooked. The pizza burger was more of a sub sandwich, so besides having a little too much bread, was tasty. Definitely worth stopping by!", 5, 0], "-l_Rxq74Erdob0hO42Y9Yg": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "12/4/2016", "Very disappointed. I wanted to like this place after seeing the good reviews, but it was a big let down. Service is terrible and staff are unbelievably rude.  How can any place stay in business when the staff treat customers with disregard?  I see there are a few other people who have mentioned the nasty attitude and lack of customer service.... so apparently I'm not the only one.", 1, 1], "kAv8R-zu-ieW3IP7JHTQDA": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "10/31/2016", "The #1 spot you go for fish. It's always fresh and always good. They have a full menu and unfortunately all over tried is one of their burgers, the fish is just too good you pass on!", 5, 0], "a48M9VyEX-IeQrhc5RI-hA": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "7/28/2016", "Solid fish sandwich, tasty homemade tartar sauce, friendly owner in a fun neighborhood setting; miles better than the random college town fare a few blocks away on the commons.", 5, 0], "CZQHNWDtw8lSk0EfeHY2gQ": ["Yelp", "Red & White Cafe", "7/31/2015", "I heard that this is the place to go for delicious fish fry from many locals and decided to check it out. Well, it's excellent. It's about 4 blocks from the center of town - a nice walk in a pretty neighborhood. I had the fish sandwich w/lettuce and tartar sauce, $5.99. Very fresh tasting with a light batter. There's also Po Boys - oyster, shrimp, and scallop. Besides seafood, there's a wide selection of other food you would expect to see at a fry place. It's a local favorite and I guess they see no need to post a menu online. Ha! They said I came at a good time because earlier there was a line out the door.A sweet mom&pop place with checkerboard table cloths - eat inside, outside, I saw a take-out menu, too.Closed weekends. 607-273-5233", 5, 4]}
{"LccdsJB91B8Z-mf1f0QaHQ": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "7/8/2018", "My brother suggested this place on our visit to Ithaca. This place is your typical hole in the wall bar. The service was great and why it will get 2 stars! The wine options were cheap, ok draft beer options, pool tables, and TVs. The bar could use some cleaning and the bathrooms. If you are just looking for a drink this place can offer you one.", 2, 0], "4M7V25RrxznRE2CuRpqh2g": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "6/9/2018", "6/9/18. 1055pm. Ok bar. Not snobby. Came in they had 20 plus beers on tap. Asked if they had a beer menu. Bald bartender just said \"nope on the wall\". But in a cocky way like we only like locals. Really just a sht hole bar. So keep it local my friend", 2, 0], "SyknPfRrXDUuhBqegP5bOQ": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "3/12/2018", "As a gentleman of the very first house of the first and second cause, exuding only the finest and most refined of tastes, it is only appropriate that I conjure a review for the sole establishment in town that even approximates the degree of quality befitting of my person. Thus, let us assay the Rhine House with a most critical and discerning eye. First, we must acknowledge that a bar's aesthetic is the very soul of its being. Thusly, to delineate both the intent and consequence of an aesthetic--and to determine their alignment--is to unmask the de facto efficacy of said establishment. In this sense, we find the Rhine House situated firmly and unabashedly in its ethos - neither pretentious nor unnecessarily humble, the aesthetic belies the very same earnestness of its soul. One of its patrons (on which I shall speak presently) might refer to such an atmosphere as \"Fine, whatever. Just a local bar,\" by which we can corroborate that it is indeed the very quintessence of candid self-actualization... the ding an sich.Next, it is only fitting that we turn to the common patronage of an establishment in order to gain a sense of its proverbial terroir. For what else is a bar if not the corporeal presence of a community's ethereal (though nonetheless substantial) identity? If the Rhine House is any microcosm of its greater community, then it does the town a service in its facade. Eschewing whatever negative connotations we might attach to a meaningless label of \"diversity,\" the actual diversity of the Rhine House's clientele is a refreshing slice of humanity's imperfections and accomplishments alike. Were I a layman, unconcerned with the ambiguities of clich\u00e9 adages, I might daresay the place is down-to-earth.Penultimately, let us recognize that the staff of this establishment have little tolerance for nonsense and a large tolerance for everything else. Should an inebriated hooligan attempt to incite a furor among those around him, I have little doubt that s/he would be dealt with swiftly and uncompromisingly (for the good of the order, of course). Conversely, the same barkeeps do well to humor others in their trivial conversations, no matter how many iterations of the same topics and questions have been drunkenly thrown at their direction, perhaps in an attempt at quelling--or at least fleetingly mitigating--the encroaching loneliness of life. Finally, it would only be fitting to note the variety of spirits available and the financial burdens thereunto. Stated plainly, the variety of ales and liquors is adequate; the variety of wines is unsurprisingly limited, yet considerable in quality. Among all options, cost is no greater factor than one should expect (at worst) or, on some nights and for some particular libations, exceedingly fair (at best). In total, I would estimate that all manners of person from all manners of occupation could afford both the literal cost and the company involved in such an outing.Please pardon any errors or idiosyncrasies in this screed - English is but my eighth language.P.S. They also allow doggos and puppers. ^_^", 4, 0], "gXH1Lh1DIM-XT1fcFffbKg": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "3/8/2018", "We love this bar on a saturday night- free pool and cheap beer. Dog friendly! What could be better?!", 5, 0], "Tg_RFONKNrG0_RwCqtR6TA": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "5/9/2017", "Easily my favorite spot to get a drink in Ithaca. Highlights include:-Dog friendly. I dont have a dog, but I like dogs, so I like this-Affordable booze and a wide variety of beers on tap-Free pool-No-nonsense bartenders... this means they ask for your ID and don't serve you if you haven't got it. I appreciate that in an establishment.-Train shots. When a train rolls by, you can buy a shot of Rebel Yell for $1. This is great if you're looking to identify the biggest drunks at the bar.-Mostly populated by non-douchey, local, middle-aged men. Mostly harmless. Mostly.Overall, yes, I love the Rhine House. No, I wouldn't recommend you come, because I don't know you, and I don't like to share. Unless you have a dog. You can come if you have a dog.", 5, 4], "AWFjF0SpI46zMI_YoyU_RA": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "5/17/2016", "A great local pub, dog friendly, pool, easy free parking, no food but there's peanuts. Service mostly great, except for one gal :/", 3, 1], "P9weGN9o9Q8QREuOckWroA": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "12/9/2015", "Great dive bar. Friendly servers. I like the open space. Two pool tables, darts. Plus they have outdoor area for when Ithaca has warm weather", 4, 0], "BGMw9tpGgofrLb0UYnzjXg": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "12/30/2013", "Drove by this place on a Sunday night and lucky we did as it had cheap drinks, free pool, good tunes and friendly staff. The only down side was no food but can order delivery to the bar.", 4, 1], "Loa6x1nBmt3wxadBEy4p-w": ["Yelp", "The Rhine House", "10/17/2013", "Started by Mike Tag from the FBM BMX team. The Rhine house is a great little bar full of friendly people and staff and most importantly, good booze.They have good beer prices every night and a very creative and unique mixed drink selection that changes frequently.They are one of the few bars around that have a pool table, darts and they even have some arcade games.A couple of flat screen always have sports on if you're into that.", 4, 1]}
{"lGS9F71aPfbJX6CxZCzdgA": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "2/20/2019", "This is the worst pizza ever ..pizza was like cardboard and chicken wings were black and flavorless ..never will get pizza from here again", 1, 0], "MAltMSJ5_kIeWkQ_m_8WEg": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "11/28/2018", "We love Papa John's. We are regulars. Our order is always done perfectly. The pizza is delicious and they have THE BEST DEALS!!! The staff is always working hard and super friendly. Some of our favorites have been Philly Cheese Steak, Cheese Burger Pizza, Spinach Alfredo Chicken Tomato and Buffalo Chicken. The 3 cheese blend makes every pizza more delicious. Can't wait for this week's pizza!", 5, 0], "fdyW0N7Y2xZd5qYOZWNDyA": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "5/4/2018", "Pizza came 1 1/2 hours after ordering. Better yet, it came in cold and crushed. Deal with racist delivery drivers, slow and clueless employees. At this point, I am certain that this location is staffed with complete idiots that lack any sort of basic human cognitive skills.", 1, 0], "vvq-VhnRJCink51LOLBKcw": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "6/20/2017", "There was a hair on my pizza so I simply asked for a different pie and got a rude response trying to make it out as if I should keep/pay for a nasty hairy pizza just to complain ... customer service a big zero.", 1, 0], "FGxyyT-xLshMjtpoQ3A0-w": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "4/21/2017", "my worst delivery experience in my life came from this papa john's...... the delivery guy didn't have gps and made me come out of my apartment at 12:30am and give him step by step directions. then he hissed at me and threw the pizza box at me when i only tipped $1.... Please do better papa john's,,, or fire the old man with the attitude", 1, 3], "V5wtAIg7Ct8GQkXS_sGsqg": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "10/17/2016", "Don't eat pizza much. Forgot how good Papa John's pizza and wings are. Really good soft dough flavor. Gonna come back more often. Staff friendly too.", 5, 0], "26KU_G7bZtHtyeTFS8hLTg": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "3/6/2016", "This is the worst Papa John's I've ever had to deal with in my entire life. I made a phone order and changed my mind literally a minute later and the manager was extremely rude to me. It was the worst customer service I have ever seen in my entire life. I will not be ordering from this Papa John's location for a while. This was the March 5th nightshift manager.", 1, 8], "E1KEcv_MUkatWOzP9hnWdg": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "5/30/2012", "Tastes like fake ingredients to me. All around kinda gross. Not a fan.", 1, 2], "kMOsdFfMjriTdReS_VGVlg": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "3/26/2012", "This place is great, because you can go online and find all sorts of Papa John's coupons to get free stuff. You can almost always get free cheese bread, which is basically an entire cheese pizza. Every time I go in there they look at me like \"Oh, great, here's that guy again who's always ripping us off for free food.\"if you're going to go with one of the big-box pizza retailers, this is the one to go to in Ithaca.", 4, 2], "8V9l2bWCQuW7gOZIeunp7g": ["Yelp", "Papa John\u2019s Pizza", "1/29/2012", "Very expensive and not good pizza. The crust is undercooked, too soft, and obviously full of weird dough-softening chemicals. The pizza just tastes awful, and you pay quite a bit for it too.", 1, 2]}
{"NKxp8n5yqbg0WdoduqUKgQ": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "11/2/2016", "Honestly, the only reason I go here is because it's within quick walking distance. Especially if Manndible Cafe (which is the eatery closest to my office) is crowded (or they don't have much in the cooler), I'll walk down to Trillium and grab something. Trillium is never going to be a location where I really enjoy going though. The food is generally more expensive than it should be, the food from the Chinese food bar is overly salty, their burgers are mediocre at best, and just... blah. If anything, I've just decided it's easier if/when I get to Trillium to just grab a pizza, or some soup, or even something from the cooler section, and then get to a cashier ASAP. This place can get really crowded, and I rarely end up eating at one of the tables because they're usually pretty gross (people leave trash in/around tables, don't wipe up spills, etc.). I know it's a campus location, so I try to generally lower my expectations. I'll meet people here for lunch from time to time (it's convenient when meeting with friends or colleagues who may work down campus), but it's rare.TL;DR Not my first choice. Generally just consider this place to be pretty \"blah.\"", 2, 4], "ZHcexhuujsHG7jVVAOpNwQ": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "11/15/2015", "Their salad, burrito and pasta are fine. Avoid Chinese food. They are salty and taste like plastic. I also find their burger to be mediocre. Line is very long during rush hours.", 3, 0], "jGfv9jABXAj1oEfMXJixoA": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "9/27/2015", "Best on campus dining location. Morning yogurt bar is a great, healthy option. For lunch, salad bar remains a quintessential favorite, but the new advent of pasta by design is similarly noteworthy. Prices are high and will eat BRBs like none other, but worth it!", 5, 0], "CfKT3OZwUZNYLViI-9sEeQ": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "9/9/2014", "This is my favorite place to eat on Cornell's campus. They have a great variety of food and are pretty fast, unless the lines are out the door. I love getting quesadillas, Chinese food or the Asian noodle bowls. The noodle bowls are now the cheapest thing on the menu and are really filling. This year they started offering veggies as an option, which is actually really good. $4.85 for the veggie noodle bowl. The one annoying part is that the quality of food can change quite a bit depending on who makes it. Consistency across the board is lacking. What changes the most is the portion size depending on whoever makes it. Overall is is the most convenience location for the Ag quad and it has some great options.", 4, 0], "rPKW7ZsXQ0v6XO_zfN9lPQ": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "6/25/2013", "Trillium has the best variety out of all the cash eateries on campus. The salads are huge here. If you just want a normal salad, you get more for your money at this location than the ivy room. However, the choice of ingredients is far better/fancier at the Ivy room. You will probably enjoy the heating bin chinese food station if you prefer deep fried chicken in generic gloppy sweet sauce (orenge, sesame, general tso). I you prefer chinese food that doesn't fit that description you should probably stay away. The noodle bowl station might just be one of the best values on campus; these bowls consist of noodles (wheat or rice), choice of beef chicken or tofu and comes with scallion, cilantro and a soy sauce based broth. The tofu bowl is $3.99, and a meal in itself!There is a station that gets you a drink, hot entree and two sides for 6.99 and this food can vary depending on the day of the week. I absolutely loved the Mediterranean theme one week but was disappointed to see it go away. I find the indian food and the pulled pork options sub-standard at this station. Other stations include your standard wraps, burgers, fries etc. and in my opinion all of these stations are just OK.", 3, 0], "JT2rJpREHdothCoX-6jRQg": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "2/14/2013", "Overpriced food, Chinese food is hella greasy unless you get dibs on the first batch of whatever is cooked at least then it is edible and has not been marinating in itself forever.Good variety but place is way too packed. Turkey club is good, so are the quesadillas. Water was sometimes charged for getting the cups...which is ridiculous but whatever. Overall decent food, too high of prices.", 3, 1], "Kn2ONm2NqTRYdo3wnEYiBA": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "6/27/2010", "Pretty good food but not great and it's usually pretty crowded. I like their make-your-own breakfast parfaits and the omelettes look good. Not a fan of their chicken tenders...for that you'd be much better off going to the Terrace in the Statler Hotel--Mac's is also good for sandwiches.The Statler is soo much better and the Terrace's fries and salads are also way way better. The Chinese in Trillium is kind of greasy but I don't mind it. I used to like the Mexican pizza but I think they stopped making that. Trillium's better for breakfast I think which ends too early for me. I don't really like the wraps and I've heard bad reviews from friends of the Meditaranian? section. There's this noodle dish you can get in the Asian corner but it's only ok and it makes me feel kind of sick after awhile.It's easy to spend a lot here in BRBs (Big Red Bucks) and a lot of students end up adding more BRBs later in the semester so I'd recommend saving the money to eat on campus if you have a meal plan or just going to the Statler or even the Ivy Room in Willard Straight if you're too hungry to wait. Definitely much better food there but still just as crowded in between classes.", 3, 2], "YoTlnzJ-jMiMZl9_OAwUNw": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "4/13/2009", "I actually didn't really like much of the food here, besides the salad bar and breakfast. Everything else was average or forgettable. The location was perfect for me though, as I am in the Ag school. The grill was also decent. The Mexican and Asian corners were just not up to par at all. Also, it always gets really crowded so you end up sharing a table with other people or having to wait really long to find seating.", 2, 1], "ENoHMhViGe_sRnIUFNMO0w": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "1/18/2009", "Best curly fries ever. I would've trekked over here even if I wasn't an aggie!", 4, 0], "4ZKqnGhC3ZRY1ld-D9qaOQ": ["Yelp", " Trillium", "6/28/2007", "the most convenient dining hall for ag kids, trillium. but even if it weren't for the convenience factor, i'd still find my way there for their single winner of a lunch plate, the seafood platter. fried fish and shrimp and clam strips with tartar sauce. this was my introduction into the scrumptious world of fried clam strips. and i've been on the hunt for more crispy, meaty clam strips since leaving campus.", 4, 6]}
{"2gfaFXvR6My9McDuPLnBwg": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "2/25/2019", "i am very disappointed. i went through the drive through they had me wait. i waited ten minutes when they brought the food the lady had three bags. she reached in a bag with no gloves on, on the way to me she touched restaurant door which has thousands of germs. i told her once again what i ordered, double quarter pounder w cheese and bacon after pulling her hand out of bag she said this ones yours. i drove home when i opened the bag it was a single cheeseburger no bacon. you all know the price difference. piss poor service. mcdonalds on triphammer road ithaca. n.y. no star", 1, 0], "Z_024vyZ4kav0e3NpUqNVg": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "3/29/2018", "With the exception of one person that helped us when we didnt get everything...(mel)..the mcdonalds down town is an embarassment.... the launguage behind the counter was horrible and us along with another few people hadnt been before didnt realize you had to order from a kiosk...after being ignored for a good 3 minutes she finally says..uhh what do you need...are you kidding me...she brings our food over and drops the tray on the table and walks away... then the guy next to us gets his food says thank you and asks for his drink and she just walked away...and brought it back...talk about absolutly horrible customer service i mean i know its fast food but would it kill people to have a little respect....we wont be back", 1, 1], "T5oCr8A-FxPUy1QJdkZA_w": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "12/29/2017", "One of the best McDonald's I have been to! They have two ordering machines after the grand opening last week. Customization on burgers, salads and OATMEALs has never been easier!", 5, 4], "iyuucU6EjLwqfDXUYMNRfw": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "1/25/2017", "This is the worst McDonald's. Long lines, inattentive employees, dirty, often out of certain types of food. Go to the McDonald's near the mall instead.", 1, 0], "ERSPqivKebrqEfdpOukYlQ": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "4/8/2016", "This is by far the DIRTIEST McDonalds I have ever been to. Consistently filthy over the last three years. The Triphammer Rd McD's is nice and clean. I wish the employees at both places earned enough for dental care.", 1, 1], "C8ZrY9zUcd605K5Ctw1myQ": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "9/19/2015", "One of the best McDonalds I have been to. Yes, it's McDonalds...don't come here expecting a gourmet meal. However, it's more than sufficient when you're in a bind.My mornings are always brightened up by the amazingly talented and friendly Marilyn working the drive thru line. She is the biggest asset this location has--her exceptional hospitality makes me leave in a better mood than when I pulled in. Five stars for Marilyn.", 5, 0], "hyze4LedNPhm1Ia3Isq09A": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "11/28/2014", "LIED TO CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!At Drive throughAt Triphammer location, I ordered 2 boxes of double quater pound, but I just got 2 order of regular quater pond for 2 boxes. Very disappointed!!!!!!!!!!The seller had no knowledge about products and what they sell at all!!!!!!!!!!!Don't wanna go back!!!!!!!", 1, 0], "Vsfo5hSqW6PV0sgdV1LYgw": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "5/18/2013", "I worked at many McD over the years, so maybe my idea of them is alittle on the difficult side. This location is very poor, the building is old and decrepit. Management of this restaurant is not good either; service is markably slower, burgers are sloppily built and cashiers are very white trashy looking. This is not acceptable McD quality.", 1, 1], "qDG2pZ6xEwcFcZJBNC_V8w": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "9/6/2011", "Drive-Thru OK - just avoid at dinner time if at all possible.Inside the restaurant is disorganized mess most anytime you go.The one in Dryden or in Lansing is more highly recommended. Food is ok when you get it... sometimes its actually \"FAST\".", 2, 0], "Xdu3noQJNbzFiDZtVddT5Q": ["Yelp", " McDonald\u2019s", "9/10/2009", "THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE \"CONE\"or what us humans (and hopeless addicts) call a vanilla ICE CREAM CONE,formerly known as mcdonald's frozen yogurt, until it was revealedthat it wasn't frozen yogurt at all.... it is:Whole milk, sucrose, cream, nonfat milk solids, corn syrup solids, mono and diglycerides, guar gum, imitation vanilla flavor, carrageenan, cellulose gum, vitamin A palmitate. (see:http://www.fatfreekitchen.com/junkfoods/mcdonald-ingredients.html)and it's not \"Vanilla\", it's Vanilla-ish, or vanilla-like, or more commonly vanilla-flavored. And it's not ice cream, it's ice-cream-esque. Hence why mcdonalds simply called it a \"Cone\".I'm all about simplifying-- I mean, why not just call a food by it's shape? Seems intuitive, right? I'll have a circle with a melted square on a bisected circle with a side of vertical lines and a diet cylinder with transparent cubes. Oh, and I'd like a deep-fried parallelogram for dessert.AWESOME!But hey, now that we've settled all that, this is review number six in my series about Frozen Yogurt.The Fro-Down:So even though this is not really frozen yogurt, and it's not in the San Francisco Bay Area, I feel compelled to review the Elmira Road McDonald's (and Triphammer Road McDonalds) in Ithaca, New York, because they are the genesis, the alpha, the initation, the SEMINAL LOCATION (okay that's gross), of my fro-yophilia.My mother and I agree... there is crack in the cone at mcdonalds. It's that simple. They have a vat of liquid crack cocaine and they pour the vanilla-esque creamish product in there and swirl it until it's cold and then they pipe it onto a cone and watch as the soccer moms and administrative assistants and truck drivers and bricklayers and hairstylists drive through the drive thru with crumbs still on their shirtfronts and blouses from the cone they just got up the road at the OTHER McDonalds and devoured on their way down the hill on route 13, or up the hill, in case they are hitting the Elmira Road McDonalds' first and then the Triphammer one.The worst day of my life, the machine was broken: at both mcDonalds.So I drove to Dryden.I really hope this doesn't demean me in the eyes of you other fro-yo connoisseurs and connoisettes out there... but a person has to start somewhere... and seriously... you know you have a guilty bad-food habit you admit to no one. You love Jif peanut butter, or you drink Postum... or maybe... maybe you like Goobers (either the PB&J mix in the jar OR the chocolate-covered movie theater peanuts it doesn't matter!), or maybe its Potted Meat you love or even... even Vienna Sausages.yeah, so before you start tossing cans of spam or ambrosia salad molds at me just remember... The Fro-Yo at McDonalds in Ithaca has crack in it.", 4, 11]}
{"BcTEElA2KZpKcz-1ywtIxA": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "2/21/2018", "On the plus side (and there are many)--the Peet's coffee is great and they have quality desserts and baked goods. It's also a nice space with a fair amount of seating and good lighting. On the down side, I've now tried three different sandwiches and they were all quite bad. They seem bad by design. It seems like they are pre-made then heated when you order. So a Ginger Salmon wrap has a dry, overcooked piece of salmon and sad, warm lettuce. It comes with a citrus sauce in a plastic cup, which is okay, not great (and how do you get the sauce inside the wrap without unrolling the whole thing?). Also a side salad that is ice cold, overdressed, and soggy. The roasted vegetable panini is truly odd--it features a big glob of mashed sweet potatoes. (And I'm someone who loves sweet potatoes.) They weren't heated enough so they were almost cold and they fall out when you take a bite of the sandwich. And it's not really a panini--more of a lukewarm roll, squished just a bit. So go for the coffee with a macaron (the macarons are fantastic). Try the soup. But stay away from the sandwiches.", 3, 0], "dgKzp4-r-9otKpQWK_aW9Q": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "9/23/2016", "Pricey like most food on campus. Matcha drinks are pretty good. Sandwich was also quite good considering the type of cafe.", 4, 0], "yTs25iAT2MekW_feHfP91A": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "7/15/2016", "This is a great option for lunch if you're visiting campus. Great made to order salads, sandwiches and burritos. Lots of healthy options. The staff was really friendly too. This is a school cafeteria and you sit in a nice dining hall after going through the line.", 3, 0], "3krRKd9ZMMqCKEte6IkU6g": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "3/29/2016", "Thai chicken wrap is on point, and the Americanos here are the best BRBs can buy on campus.", 5, 1], "GZVCnFnKvJy4FykvGjzv0g": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "2/5/2016", "This neat little cafe is conveniently located inside the Cornell Store. It has a variety of sandwiches and pastries and serves Peet's Coffee. I love their Matcha Green Tea Javiva. It's kind of like slushy green tea ice cream smoothie. This place is usually packed throughout the day especially during lunch. Lots of students like studying here so it might be difficult to find a good seat. However, this is a great place to go if you want to chat with someone. I met up with a professor here for coffee one afternoon and it was great!", 4, 1], "FJlE63r383bSGphwkt04BQ": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "10/15/2015", "Green tea latte and macrons are good. Never get their sandwiches tho... People get sick from it according to what I heard", 3, 0], "5pv2uXnmuDFGdmbyC6trmA": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "6/6/2015", "Stopped in for lunch during our college visit Cornell day. Convenient location on the bookstore for those needing to get to the next activity. Nice food selection.My son ordered a large bowl of the clam chowder for just $3.99 - a deal! I scored a taste and it was terrific. A great bowl of clam chowder; I kind of wish I'd ordered it, too! I ordered the Brazilian Chicken wrap. Tasty and satisfying. My only complaint was the spring mix of lettuce in the wrap didn't cut/separate well when I bit into the wrap making for less graceful eating. ;-) Insignificant overall. They had a nice fresh fruit salad as well which we split in addition to our meal.  Seating is limited. It was a crowded weekend and we were lucky to snag a table.", 5, 1], "KghMzg9mZXBlNQXzVxDIkA": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "9/14/2014", "This is high quality for Cornell's campus, and may be the best eatery on its grounds. Sandwiches are relatively creative in composition and actually served to your table. It may be the only place that serves Peet's coffee in Ithaca, which is delicious (while the local roasteries are good, it's hard not to welcome the variety). The atmosphere is fairly cozy and there are books and magazines available to browse from the surrounding Cornell Store. Downsides: it is a bit pricey compared to other Cornell dining options, and I get the sense that the sandwiches aren't as good as they seemed when I first tried them - though that may just be me getting used to the taste.", 4, 1], "x476dfRNaI10ss1E7DV4BQ": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "6/16/2014", "The best coffee I've had in Ithaca! It's a shame I discovered it a month before I graduated! Definitely get their chai latte it's one of the few places that gets it right!", 5, 1], "Q4TLWomzcbJHKB08YaPACA": ["Yelp", "Caf\u00e9 Jennie", "12/10/2013", "It is above my expectation.I had an illusion that I was not sitting in a campus cafe, with an amicable server taking to me my Beef Brisket Sandwich on a porcelain plate with real silverwares.They make their sandwich so exquisite. Bread is very special, crisp on the outer side, soft and punky on the inner side, milk/cream sweet scented, different from what I have had in other caf\u00e9s, making me believe it is fresh handmade in store this morning. (They did claim to bake their jam filled croissants every morning in store.) Beef is tender, seasoned with grilled onion and cheddar. Sided with carefully laid garden green, onion and blue cheese. We all know blue cheese and beef are good match.I didn't mean to eavesdrop but the first-date couple at next table were so cute. ^_^ At least now I know American look the same as Chinese on their first date. The boy said this place was 30% overpriced, which I cannot agree. Can you find a more pleasant and economic place for you very first date?$7 for a sandwich.", 5, 5]}
{"yRjjQggEPNEeGB1BeH3qaA": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "9/8/2018", "First off wish I could give this location zero stars. This has had to be my worst Pizza Hut experience. I ordered a personal pizza and chose to dine in since I had time to kill waiting for an appointment that I had near by. Well I ordered then sat down and ate there was a funky peculiar stale smell in the air but I said maybe this place just needs air WRONG!!!. After eating two slices I started to feel very nauseated so I ran to bathroom where I threw up twice and much to my disgust I saw mouse trap with muse droppings. How horrid is that at a good establishment, clearly there is a rodent problem. When I alerted the manager I was told \"we are aware\" that's it's nothing was done they could've at least changed the trap. Eat fro this location at your Own risk. BUYER BEWARE!!! Why eat from a filthy establishment", 1, 0], "SFhnkzhxWxuHs2nWh57fyg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "12/1/2017", "they have vegan cheese now amazing amazing im a vegan amd ive always like vegan cheese ahhhhhj", 5, 0], "9mLMkZvQUPHEVVXYZa3JIg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "3/7/2017", "I already don't like Pizza Hut pizza, it makes me sick, but it is my wife's favorite for some reason so we went here for dinner. Completely disgusting. Tables were filthy and sticky. The pizza, stuffed crust, tasted and looked like the dough didn't rise, like it was raw. The cheese was clearly a very low quality, little taste and the greasiest I have ever seen. Hardly any sauce was even on the pizza. Completely inedible. We each had one slice, took the rest home and through it away. However the breadsticks were good and the service was fine. Really nice people, attentive waiter. Salad bar was ok.", 1, 0], "R1H0bww1cBOmbn4AXOwuuw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "2/4/2017", "No one expects the best service from delivery pizza. Nevertheless, delaying the delivery by more than an hour when the destination is quite literally a five-minute drive away is especially atrocious. Order from Domino's instead.", 1, 0], "GY2KslbSxzONPluzHI6lzg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "12/31/2016", "Well to start the service wasn't the greatest. The server had quite the attitude and wasn't friendly. The salad from the salad bar didn't look to fresh but the pizza and and wings were fairly good so that is a plus.", 2, 1], "a2-Sa0mPR5MdUEj5W51CXQ": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "6/3/2016", "I like pizza hut, but this is a really terrible dirty pizza hut with rude service, especially the cashier woman. Never come again.", 1, 0], "KGsRwhF9Yen0R-386fuqIg": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "2/20/2016", "The customer service here is horrible. I've been going here for years and I was outraged to stand there and listen to the three girls on duty (one being a manager) complain about various topics, including the phone constantly ringing. None of them were in any kind of hurry to help customers that were standing there while their food was ready and waiting in the window. Maybe some more training in CUSTOMER SERVICE is needed. Previous staff would have never behaved this way!", 2, 0], "RGPAaCnBCol_N6n5Z4bLjw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "2/10/2013", "I was reluctant to even do lunch here, but my husband really wanted pizza hut deep dish so we gave it a whirl. Minus stars for service, and not because of the waitress herself, but for lack of staff. 1 server, 1 cook, 1 delivery guy. It's like they assume their business will be dead on a Sunday at noon. 5 tables walked in shortly after we did and all heck broke loose. But poor service aside, Pizza Hut deep dish is still classic and delicious!", 2, 0], "VlPsc6o0Sxhza3QP_JgJ-Q": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "3/26/2012", "This is the pizza place Ithacans go to if they've given up on life. That said, it's close to where I live and they do make a tasty P'zone. Who needs a life when you have two giant, cheap calzones called a P'zone?!", 3, 1], "qgrmS-n1pBbToD2iuC-yYw": ["Yelp", "Pizza Hut", "9/29/2010", "Great service every visit. Open late on saterdays...good pizza!!! Also very good cinnamon sticks!", 5, 0]}
{"ruIr4rnElXhc05_R5APISg": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "2/24/2019", "Consistantly forgets to deliver the full order. Better off ordering and picking up yourself. Food is great. Best pizza around. Just disappointed in the lack of care shown by the delivery drivers.", 3, 0], "-Rxzb8E8qq1MzAuDvE-1vw": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "10/21/2018", "The orange roof may confuse you, but you would be missing out on this upstate institution that makes consistently good pizza and wings. They make a medium dough pie that is light and never greasy. Known for using quality ingredients and good value for your dollar. A great time saver and feature is their drive-up, especially in the cold weather. Some of the friendliest staff and great coupon deals- their large sheet pizza is winner for bday parties and game day!", 4, 0], "N0_PH0MDklVJDF0z1EDnPA": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "9/4/2018", "People were nice and pizza tasted very good. However it seemed expensive compared to other places. At least the size I got. It turned me off and I haven't been back. If I try it again I'll update my review.", 3, 0], "CUW4n0wSpIht-q7FcAHKAg": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "6/10/2017", "Fantastically perfect pizza sauce, and OMG BBQ wings (very saucy and tangy!). This has been a fave of mine for a long time, and they never disappoint me.  Friendly delivery person, showed up when requested.  Reasonable pricing (I recommend checking out the specials).  Special #2 (large pizza, 10 wings, and quart soda) was perfect for 3 people.", 5, 0], "U5i0p0o93cKjVy9xbmoiXQ": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "7/16/2016", "Love pudgies I could take in bath in the red sauce. Disturbing image yes... But you take a bite of the plane slice and tell me I'm wrong! I bet you won't. Like money. Real money. Cashola.. Bread sticks are kinda off but hey why bead sticks at a place where they also put cheese and red sauce on their bread? Go for a slice mayde a Stromboli and forgettaboutit you're a puggaholic.", 5, 0], "qqahz6x5uk1naWD52c3ZiA": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "7/6/2016", "Best pizza sauce ever devised! Get the sheet pizza, it's the best priced pizza in Ithaca and the sauce is sweet and delicious and cant be beat. Also the wings r actually fantastic. The subs r very good, but they take a while for them to make which can be kinda annoying, but if u have the time get one", 5, 0], "ak0E8Eybehn3pHlqtGGHfA": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "5/28/2016", "I grew up on Pudgies pizza and I love it! A sheet pizza is standard. Thick crust, light on sauce, just enough cheese. Never had anything like it anywhere else and I travel extensively. If you're a picky foodie this isn't for you. It's just good pizza for a rowdy crowd or party or large gathering. It's not gourmet brick oven pizza. You have to try it and expect something fun and different with beer and soda and wings and 5-10 people!", 4, 0], "K59954xPyRpFVuNOEGvnUA": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "7/29/2014", "Came up here with a friend who was nostalgic about Pudgies. He had fond memories of consuming wings and pizza from Pudgies as a kid. We ordered the family pack which was a huge sheet pizza plus 20 wings in spicy gravy and drinks for $32. We added 3 toppings which added another $11 or so.Verdict? Wings were deliciously buttery but not too greasy. We got the mediums which were almost mild to me. The pizza was edibly good but not memorably great. The strong point was definitely the wings.The dining area was small at this location but had little puzzles like Cracker Barrel to keep you busy while waiting for your pizza to cook.The staff was very friendly and no complaints here.They also have a drive thru here which makes on-the-go pick up easy.I enjoyed the food and while I wouldn't go way out of the way to come here, I certainly would return.", 3, 1], "31yJjijxYSlSmNmDqCYk0g": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "6/5/2013", "Ordered a pizza last night and arrived early to pick it up. I just sat down when I arrived and heard the employee named \"Chris\" in the back making fun of my last name. I guess he didn't realize I was there early. Needless to say I just grabbed my pizza and left which wasn't great in the least. Your standard pizza that I could compare to any other run down pizza joint. Just another cruddy pizza joint with employees who had bad business ethics I guess. Good thing there's about 20 more pizza places in Ithaca.Long story short, not going back.", 1, 2], "WHHdRjJXKSIeZEZZ9VC6jw": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "9/14/2012", "The standard for pizza in upstate New York is not particularly high. And yet, this pizza is still absolutely awful. The pizza is utterly soggy, the bread tastes awful and the cheese and sauce do not help. I cannot recall ever eating pizza so awful...you might as well stick the pizza bagels in the oven...a far more enjoyable meal.I can't speak to the wings; never had them.", 1, 4], "QCw0JxWzOL9FFgLsIw-8mA": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "5/14/2009", "Only thing i have had here so fall is the meatball sub, but judging by it i would have to believe the rest of the menu would be just as good. They bake there bread fresh daily here, and the meatballs had some kick to them, some places i have been to the meatball sub is just ground beef balls with Ragu on top.I look forward to trying the pizza here.", 3, 0], "u_FtHRNncSJ3P37rrOVpUQ": ["Yelp", "Pudgie\u2019s Pizza & Sub Shops", "7/19/2007", "When I was a college sophomore, absolutely nothing compared to Pudgie's 32-slice sheet pizza and I-forget-how-many buffalo wings delivered to my friend's dorm as we geeked out to NHL '95's full season mode. We generally felt stuffed to terrible afterwards (at least I did), but you don't buy this stuff to feel good. You buy it 'cuz you're a college student who's too lazy to cook, too poor for Papa John's, too distracted to do homework, and too young to care.", 3, 11]}
{"Ojp9YMK2Vp13povZiKVgFA": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "4/21/2018", "Roommate ordered a panini and got fish sticks. Took 2 hours to get here. Threw it away. Really wondering if the foods edible", 1, 0], "oMdeW9PU6vcv5QD8I512iA": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "10/29/2017", "The absolute worst meal I've ever had--I have a very high tolerance for shitty food, especially late night eats. We ordered the shrimp scampi, a slice of white, and a stuffed pizza. 1. Shrimp scampi was with marinara? Weird but I thought Sure I'll eat it. The penne was soggy, the shrimp was tiny, and the cheese or the sauce was RANCID. I thought there was Gorgonzola on the Pasta. I never not eat food that I paid for but I couldn't eat this. Not looking forward to the food poisoning. The garlic knots were also horrible. They tasted like they were left outside for 3 days and I didn't eat any.2. The white pizza was fine- just really cold. And there was marinara on it so ???3. The stuffed pizza wasnt what I thought-- it was actually a calzone. It was fine until I realized the cheese I was eating was raw dough. It was entirely uncooked on the inside.18/10 would not order again. Without a doubt the worst food I've ever eaten.", 1, 6], "aRwfBAbv93BUAivt75ko5w": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "9/6/2017", "We stopped here after riding the Black Diamond Trail and although the area and some of the local color hanging around were a little sketchy, we had the best fried chicken and onion rings I have ever had! The chicken and onions both tasted fresh with a light crisp non-greasy batter. There were even some herbs in the onion rings. Enzo the owner was very friendly and we had good conversation about Sicily. Great stop for fuel on an afternoon ride. Probably not so good after dark.", 4, 1], "CIG5URvonxURJXzusFVZig": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "2/6/2017", "Wish I had checked the yelp reviews before ordering pizza and wings here. This place completely shoots itself in the foot by trying to have super low prices, necessitating that they use bad ingredients. This place is straight out of kitchen nightmares. It's REALLY dirty in that kitchen. The wings came from a plastic bag in a freezer and had already been deep friend and frozen together in a block and were practically inedible. I would rank this as the worst pizza I've ever had. Little Caesars pizza tastes gourmet in comparison.", 1, 2], "J_q3FBFwjkccKPliMsdaJw": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "10/30/2016", "I got this via Ithaca to Go (no complaints there, wonderful business) and was excited to be able to enjoy some Italian food. However, I got the worst fettuccini Alfredo in the world. The sauce was watery and there was an excessive amount of spices that were not tasteful heaped on top. The chicken was the worst cut imaginable and was literally dark brown. The garlic knots were cold and tasted worse than wonder bread. They included some kind of sauce-it tasted like it came straight from a Heins ketchup bottle. Never again", 1, 4], "Nip5Ep2p1KQ6LFhyKNWCaQ": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "4/21/2016", "Worst pizza I have EVER had in my life and I've had a lot of pizza. The cheese slice looked rancid and the buffalo chicken wing pizza was literally hot sauce spread over bad dough. The cheese looked almost grey, it was cold and the sight of it actually made me nauseous. Do not, do not, DO NOT order from this place. Absolutely disgusting.", 1, 1], "N5swrsuK7dpBtSNtE5nyBw": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "8/8/2015", "So salty it was disgusting. I had a group of friends ordering and we felt like we were going to have a heart attack from all the salt they put on. I hate this place. Don't ever go here.", 1, 7], "7VZbHA3mkN4-o9J9u1USCw": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "8/4/2015", "It's gross in there. It is possibly the dirtiest restaurant I've ever been in. It was hot and the cooks were short with each other. They do have a pizza oven, so they must make their pizza on site, but everything else is pre-made frozen food they fry up for you (you can tell by the box labels taped to the counter). We ordered a couple of slices of pepperoni and wings. Both had been pre-cooked and were not re-cooked (and therefor overcooked) for us. When we got home with our food it was okay, but our experience of stopping in to order it and witing for it to be made really made us regret our decision.", 2, 1], "Q3RwDYFMHmqn_IwvCBErew": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "7/4/2015", "Cheese slice is actually not half bad, if you can get past how filthy the place is. Guy who runs the place needs a bath. Do flies come with that? Yeah, maybe. Gross. This place needs a wrecking ball....", 1, 6], "Np2s57SNrKVNJZp52olbnw": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "5/30/2015", "Its pizza, how could you not like pizza. Left my iphone 6 there outside on the table, cant believe they had it when i came back 2 hours later, thanks guys", 4, 2], "NNP0xvFkWrc_DbXa_WsI8Q": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "3/8/2015", "I ordered from this restaurant through grub hub, it was so disgusting. One of the worst pizzas I ever had. It was soaked in grease, and just tasted bad.", 1, 3], "WzilfZDMH6-fO_j2KB4jFQ": ["Yelp", "Mama Teresa Pizzeria", "8/1/2014", "Ithaca to go recently put up a Ithaca's Latin Food section which has items from this place. I can't speak to the Italian fare they serve, but this was hands down the worst Mexican food I have ever eaten. The enchiladas I ordered were cooked with Velveeta and soaked in taco sauce straight from the bottle. Inside were sad lumps of tough chicken-like meat with minimal flavor. If your 6 year old kid made enchiladas for you it would be better than this schlock. This was not the kind of food that makes you shrug and then you never think about it again. This was not even the sort of Mexican food you'd find in a hospital cafeteria. This was the kind of dinner that gets you on a reality TV show about worst restaurants in america.", 1, 7]}
{"U7HgTUGX1JBEWXtV85Khng": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/2/2019", "Get your Thai Food elsewhere! I was very disappointed when I ordered pineapple fried rice from GrubHub for delivery. On the website it says the pineapple fried rice comes with \"Sweet fried rice with pineapple, cashews, peas, carrots, raisins.\" With your choice of meat. I ordered chicken and was very surprised to receive my meal with pieces of highly processed pork sausage, which tainted the flavor of the entire dish. I called the restaurant and they had great customer service - they offered to make me a new dish but because that would take ~1 hour to get delivered they were willing to comp my meal.", 2, 0], "NNqsxhvyrPbsXf-SLZRzZw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/10/2019", "I have ordered from Taste of Thai express on 3-6 occasions since moving to Ithaca. The food is average, but you can count on them to give you gluten free meal. I will say that I would avoid ordering the Satay Gai ( chicken Satay skewer), which I have attached a picture of. It came burnt with dry and over cooked chicken. When I called the restaurant they made it very clear that this was cooked correctly and it is how it is served. I appreciated the gesture to refund the item and their honesty about the way they serve this dish but it is simply not edible... see the picture to judge for yourself.", 3, 0], "P5XHoXqSPS3vJbaqpsUtuA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/16/2018", "Good food, quick service. Came here on random Thursday and we were able to get a table for 4 with no issues. I will say it is fast - hence express - which is always great when you have small children. Speaking of that, it is always nice when they have cups for kids, and they do here. We had green curry and pad thai for our main dishes and spring rolls and fresh rolls for our appetizers. I really enjoyed the green curry - too spicy for everyone else at our table. The pad thai was OK, it wasn't the best I have ever had, but it wasn't terrible either, I feel it needed a bit more sauce mixed into it as the noodles were a bit dry.", 4, 0], "zSbGclt4evLlJljYTMvADA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/26/2018", "I rarely review places but because of their ratings on yelp I needed to help bring it up. I've only had positive experiences here. I've tried several other Thai places in Ithaca and this place has the best taste, portions, and fast service compared to the other places. Having worked in a Thai restaurant back in my hometown for 3 years, I was happy to find good Thai eats in the Ithaca Area.", 5, 0], "-YtRu_-PiSTsScbSc61OvQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/8/2018", "Really love this place! One of the better Thai places in Ithaca. I had the special duck curry and it was so delicious. Very flavorful and large portion. The other dishes are good as well. I've ordered catering from here and had great service and food was delicious as well. Would definitely recommend this restaurant!", 5, 0], "yZrKr7WVU748CTxA5hys-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/26/2018", "OMG this place with their pad see you is just awesome including spring rolls and tom kha !!!!!!", 5, 0], "bEmzhFER5SFEJVB6EHmQWQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/19/2018", "We ordered take-out at 2:45pm on a weekday. The food was ready ahead of the time estimate, and the portion size was on par with what I expected for a lunch serving. I ordered pad see ewe and my sister ordered Thai fried rice, both with chicken, and both dishes were super bland. The Thai broccoli in both dishes had a really strange taste, and when I got to the bottom of the pad see ewe, there were peanuts... which definitely don't belong in pad see ewe, and they had a spicy flavor that was not present in the rest of the dish. We both also received a cup of some kind of soup but had no idea what it was. It was a very disappointing experience.", 2, 1], "gijkx_17SLpn8tjyUdUMrg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/16/2018", "Terrible food. Ordered food to go and the rice was over cooked and essentially mush. I asked for spicy curry but it was so spicy that I could barely eat it. Poorly packed food resulting in soup spillage which isn't necessarily their fault. But not a good first time.", 1, 1], "esrCxz179RVireE0HgeKKQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/10/2018", "This place is very cheap for lunch and it includes soup. I ordered the panagg curry with chicken. Parking lot was full when we arrived, which means it's good. They have pretty much all the standard Thai dishes, but nothing authentic. I thought service was fine.", 4, 1], "cKV56XM_OA02_iBrUkGUww": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/8/2018", "Great local place! The food is delicious and the prices are affordable. It can definitely get busy when students are in town and when families are visiting though so plan ahead. Also don't get confused - express location does not serve beer/wine.", 5, 1], "kPPkZNimxXnyFmnQIoDB_Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/26/2018", "Food is okay, it is tasty enough to keep eating. It's nice that they use a lot of vegetables in their dishes - veggies tasted fresh too. I thought the pineapple fried rice tasted too sweet, though.Service is a bit patchy but it makes it up with good-natured staff.", 3, 2], "rzjPy6-5cnRw3L5q_YNoZg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/23/2018", "The only reason they even get one star if for our server.1. We walked in and smelled a funny odor. I figured \"eh, one of the seasonings they use is just really strong\".2. The food was okay. Nothing spectacular. 3. We told the service that my wife has a shellfish allergy. We're not really sure how it happened, but my wife started breaking out in welts and we almost had to go to the ER.", 1, 1], "IQsetp2dPw73QUDVd3Cz-Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/22/2018", "Extremely sweet ladies waiting on you !! I was wet from the thunderstorm and the lady noticed and handed me napkins to dry off. Now coming to food - good taste and flavors but i wish it would be less greasy . And also big portions .", 3, 1], "aNeGbFmkjBUJ37c4K09xQg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/23/2018", "I ordered a salad tray from this location, and when I got home and decided to eat some of it, I found large amounts of dirt all throughout the leaves. I don't know what their process is for preparing salads, but this is not sanitary at all, and makes me question the cleanliness of the kitchen and prep area in the actual restaurant. I understand lettuce usually has some soil on it, but the amount of dirt that was not only caked onto the leaves but at the bottom of the tray literally shows that there was very little washing of the lettuce. I'm honestly rather disgusted, and very disappointed because I enjoy the food at this establishment, but I will likely not be ordering from here again. I did reach out to the location to inform them of this and never received a reply back. Very disappointed with their handling of this matter.**UPDATE**The restaurant responded to my email, apologized, and offered a full refund of my original order.", 1, 2], "xms33GqylRa-dYsgcHgg4g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/18/2018", "I'd like to like this place. It's pleasant and the service is good, but everything is simply much too sweet. Heaven only knows how much added sugar there is in their dishes. Seems like they've replaced all the heat you'd find in food in Thailand with sweetness. I've tried them several times with the same experience, so I guess I'll give up on them. I'd really like to hear that they've gone more authentic and much less sugary.", 2, 0], "BarSfGQnkjCWYqogW_Jitw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/18/2018", "We have lived in Thailand for years and the food here is pretty authentic and really good. Their fire alarm went off without good reason the evening we came, but the staff handled it well. The service is excellent -- everyone was smiling, friendly and polite. Definitely recommend this place.", 5, 1], "2gWGVeVTyX0p-aBO8TyOHg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/14/2018", "We love Taste of Thai Express. The food is amazing and the chicken looks like chicken! It is our go to place and the prices are reasonable. The amount of food you get is amazing for the price", 5, 0], "AQNAQQ6tekqOBzyjLXuEvg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/4/2018", "Every time I'm in Ithaca, I come to this restaurant. The food is very consistent and the prices are reasonable. The service can be hit or miss, but it's usually fine. The pad Thai is delicious!", 4, 0], "RMmfvjwgjsa1B3CkcXB4tQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/27/2017", "We enjoy dining here. The food is excellent and the service good. The dining room is comfortable and we could hear ourselves talking. Good soup, good apps and good entrees.", 5, 0], "V9YCsLShEEDfNQrAhlcupg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/5/2017", "It was a nice Thai restaurant. The taste was so good and prices were so reasonable. A waiter was so kind. It's good for our Sunday lunch.", 4, 1], "MrID_BNHCFFZVemwnAg6ow": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/9/2017", "Visitor from NYC. Recommended by my wife's colleague. Standard stuff: phat Thai and ginger chicken. Shrimp was plenty and softy but smelly, so that is a big no no. Noddle sluggish and lack of right flavor. Sauce feels nothing like freshly prepared by a Thai chef, but thrown-in from a store package. Surplus of raw bean sprout with pale color looked over-refrigerated. The plate looks like 4-5 unrelated pieces putting together.The waitress seems to accustomed to the issues and did fair good job under circumstances. It Would have been worse.My neighbor are four elderly person. One of them is vegetarian. He seems to have enjoyed the summer roll.", 2, 0], "CbU_N97i-qmi_J3Yi1eaxQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/23/2017", "Many flavorful vegetarian (and non-vegetarian) options; everything looks and tastes fresh. The noise level of the small, crowded restaurant can make it a bit difficult to engage in conversation, but the service is usually quick and friendly. Take-out service takes longer than it should. Overall though, I'm a fan of Taste of Thai and will continue to frequent it.", 4, 0], "2awabKVTJTyl6bcFUHa8wg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/4/2017", "Located in the heart of Ithaca, Taste of Thai is some of the best Thai in central New York. We love the curries and noodles. Great appetizers. Decor is basic, crowd eclectic and service when it's good (usually) - it's spot on. My last experience there was not great, service wise. Maybe an off night.", 4, 0], "w43sI3m2ICF1XVfQzFtlMw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/17/2017", "In the year that I've lived in Ithaca I've only gone here twice. The first time was for carry out and the food was almost flavorless. My husband couldn't even bare eating it. I didn't return for a long time until I kept hearing good reviews about this place. The second time I went was for dine-in and this time food was about average. However, in the hour I was there about 1/3 of the tables were a mess. I lost my appetite looking at the table next to me covered in dirty napkins and trash. I heard one waitress say they were shorthanded that day but at the very least she could pick up the trash! The hostess was standing around most of the time. Could she have lent a hand? I definitely won't dine in again and I'm not sure if I'll return even for carry out.", 2, 0], "0S2vyxp3eFPAFe2nGMVaCg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/8/2017", "The food is always delicious. Susan is amazing, marking sure everything was perfect. We will definitely be back. Always wonderful.", 5, 0], "AZqXCz6yo_YaW1rNks4tlw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/7/2017", "Popped in for a quick afternoon snack. Maybe the best shrimp salad (pla goong) I've had outside of Thailand. Nice fresh rolls too. Friendly wait staff.", 4, 0], "YYaWgKugIT-RBHCZrmXH9w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/5/2017", "Let me tell you- I've been coming here since it opened- you locals will remember when this was the Dunkin Donuts! This was my go to place ( If Just a Taste didn't work) when hosting colleagues. I mean I had the app on my phone and everything. UNFORTUNATELY, something has changed in recent months. I do probably 50/50 eat in and take out and when dealing with the cashier staff, all I can say is- RUDE! They talk down to you, act like you are hassling them when you are there to pick up your prepaid food. I have had several eye rolls and have been forgotten about while waiting patiently on the bench by the door for my order. Food also does not taste like it used to- the overall vibe from front of house to kitchen is a lack of caring- and it shows in the taste. Sorry- back to the original on the Commons for me.", 2, 0], "xn8O9Kn8Nr9-8RrYrxQ6Ag": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/29/2017", "Delicious, fast, great quality. This is my go to take out in Ithaca- although they also have a nice dining room as well. My favorites are Thai Green Bean and a must is their crispy spring rolls. This is a great intro to Thai food if you're not terribly familiar. I have never had bad food and find their staff to be efficient, friendly and courteous. Check them out!", 5, 0], "md7uS4kTKwRzSoVapYSCaA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/29/2017", "Several people recommended this place, so I decided to try. I got there around noon and the main door was locked. It was my first time at the restaurante and I had no idea there was a side entrance. I tried opening several times and saw people inside. When I found the side door, one of the waitress apologized for the main door. I mean, if she saw me trying to open the door and knew it was locked, why didn't she open it for me? The restaurant wasn't that busy anyway. After ordering my lunch, I saw one of the waitress take some spices to another table. She dropped one of the lids on the floor and guess what? She placed on the table as if nothing had happened. At least the food was good, but I don't think I'm coming back to this restaurant.", 2, 1], "yegCDp1G7LqIczBzLuLttA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/13/2017", "Whether it was the service or the food, it was all awful with the exception of the Thai iced tea (which the waitress forgot I ordered). The hostess never even said hi after staring at us and my bf had to say hi first, despite that being HER JOB! However, we decided to give them a second chance as it was 8:30 and I REALLY wanted some thai food. Sadly, this is just the beginning of our horrible experience. We had to wait ten minutes before the waitress came to take our drink order, which she totally forgot for another half an hour. If they were busy, I may have given them a pass, but there were only two other tables which both already had their food. After finally ordering our food, the appetizers were brought to us, yet there was no knife to cut up our fish cakes(still no iced tea, which was the first thing I ordered). Finally, we got our food, but my bf's SPICY fried rice was not only NOT spicy it was SWEET! My yellow curry which wasn't bad was spicy, despite telling the waitress it was picked for being the only non-spicy curry. This was the last we would see of our waitress until we were forced to ask the hostess for takeout boxes after waiting for her for at least 15-20 mins after we decided we were full. She must have known the food was bad or made wrong because not at any point did anyone ask us how our food tasted which is strange. I was forced to leave a tip of only 15%(first time I ever left a tip so bad in my life!), even as a former waitress I could find no reason to give her anything more. Even this seemed too much for the horrible service, but I will just consider it a parting gift since we will never be back again. SERIOUSLY the worst experience at a restaurant in my life and made me upset to the point i'm writing my first ever review.", 1, 1], "bm78_jWpkKFDIODuAcXZhA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/12/2017", "I have been here twice and rate food as 4 stars, but their service as 3. Their tom kha ga soup was well made, but I'm less impressed with the pad see ew, which I found to be quite greasy. Both experiences were for take out, so this review may not be as fair in terms of customer service, but I was very disappointed this last visit. I ordered and indicated I would stay and wait. I was told 10-15 minutes, but in actuality I waited 30 minutes. I would not have minded the wait, except that I discovered that the food that was sitting on the back counter for 10 minutes was mine. When they gave it to me I complained that it had been sitting for 10 minutes cooling. The cashier made no apologies or attempt to remedy the situation.", 3, 0], "VjZsQKMv7XH29Or9_eLHng": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/28/2017", "Wide variety of Thai dishes that suit the palate and range of dietary needs. Relaxed atmosphere that can get a bit loud if looking for quiet conversation. They do well at accommodating larger groups and catering. Wait staff is typically friendly and timely with service.Take away portions for entrees seem to be a good deal smaller than those for eat-in, so plan accordingly. My only criticism is on the cleanliness. Tables and surrounding walls all seem to be in need of a good scrubbing.", 4, 1], "MEyLszKqpet7ylkOonhUaA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/22/2017", "My parents absolutely love this place but unfortunately I'm not as impressed. We've been a handful of times and I've also noticed that the quality of the food and service has declined considerably - not sure if it's a new chef or something but it tastes a little too processed, like it came in frozen and was just reheated in the kitchen.When we went this past weekend, we ordered the Tom Yum soup with shrimp, the chicken satay skewers, one of the stir fry dishes (with black fungus and beef), vegan pad thai (sans the fish sauce and egg), and the massaman curry with chicken. The Tom Yum soup was not as spicy as I remembered, and I found the shrimp to be pretty bland and mealy. It was a disappointment compared to how it was previous times we went. The chicken satay skewers were fine, but again, tasted like they may have been frozen chicken that was just reheated.As for the main dishes, I didn't like the stir fry at all. I thought it was way too oily and the beef was a little too chewy. I had gotten other stir fry dishes at Taste of Thai in the past and enjoyed them, but this one I didn't enjoy. The massaman curry was decent, and the Pad Thai was delicious (ironic, because we made some changes to it from the way that it would have been made otherwise). We actually preferred it with whatever they subbed in for the fish sauce. The service was fine in the beginning, but then our server totally disappeared. We had some massaman curry left over but no rice, so we asked for an extra side, and she just totally forgot and we couldn't find her to flag her down. There was also some awkwardness with having to wait to have silverware brought out for us after our food had already arrived. Another thing is that they usually bring out Andes mints with your check which we like a lot, and we had to ask for them this time.The one saving grace of Taste of Thai is that it's really inexpensive, and, admittedly, the food isn't bad for the price. However, between the fact that it was just mediocre and the service was pretty atrocious, I'm rounding down from 2.5 stars.", 2, 1], "ZLdPOHgLhES5wdyrWhyN2Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/10/2017", "I thought the taste of their pineapple fried rice was incredibly good bc it was so oily and had Chinese sausage randomly in it. But then an hour later, I had the biggest tummyache because of how unhealthy the food was. I also had their special wings and it wasn't that good bc it was fried and breaded and super hard with a sweet and spicy sauce that tasted like it was from a packet.Overall, not a great experience so would not try again.", 2, 3], "P--nsyV0qSWNPDawpYVxow": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/27/2016", "I've eaten from here in three separate occasions. Every time the food was horrible - the chicken was pure fat, and the vegetables tasted like soap. Very poor quality.", 1, 0], "tYGsdcLw3P1XRKG14aYqHg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/1/2016", "Love this place. The drunken noodles and pad Thai are to die for. Reasonably priced to boot. I always pick it up myself and there is never a wait.", 5, 0], "Pi1kmVu4Cp8Qi5HGJnaV-g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/1/2016", "I'm giving Taste of Thai express five stars because their food is consistently good. I've never had a dish I haven't liked and feel like they are generous. Always a lot of vegetables and meat, much more than you would ever get in Thailand (I have been 4 times for work-related trips)! The pad see ew with chicken is excellent and the red curry has great flavour too. We also always order TOT for parties and functions at Cornell.", 5, 0], "Mwml6WNqXDsOPsteMjgCbQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/17/2016", "Always good! Pad Thai, mixed vegetable, and spring rolls are our fave. Service is a little unfriendly but it's not bad enough to keep us from coming back!", 4, 0], "UPVewig50OkZp8R02ryo4Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/20/2016", "Beautiful ambiance. Fairly elaborate menu. Though the portions are a bit on the smaller side and the honey flavoured dishes are too sweet and somewhat unpleasant to eat after a few mouthfuls", 3, 0], "vwllLFNa__gLIrwtFjWlcQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/4/2016", "My favorite lunch spot in Ithaca. Delicious food. Good service. Nice place to sit. The set lunch menu had lots of options and comes with your choice of two or three courses. What the menu does not tell you is that you also get soup. Who doesn't love Thai soup? Just be ready to take some of your lunch home.", 4, 0], "y6ljH1vns3SNGR5bi872uQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/13/2016", "Great Thai food in Ithaca. Had the panang chicken curry and mango's and sticky rice. Good flavor and reasonably priced. Worth the stop and open until 10:00 on a Sunday.", 4, 1], "UukZQGgWw2YIkmJYn1O8IA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/29/2016", "As a restaurant with table service it has marginal appeal. Service was indifferent, the table itself was sticky and could have used a good scrub. The food was ok. If i go there again it will be for take out only.", 2, 0], "GWvAGcXcK424n50HsFvT6A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/11/2016", "Our favorite place to eat!! Hands down..Everything is 5 star, from the staff to the service to the food. You can always count on, not only a great meal but you also feel like they appreciate your patronage. We go out of our way to make excuses to visit. Stop by snd try, you will agree....", 5, 1], "_Wg9k4oudLrpjCWvG24AqA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/4/2016", "Never tried Thai food before and been here twice within the past month all the way from Corning. Guess you might say we like it!!", 5, 0], "6cHhnsB8WxDpUNWBfNh2Bw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/27/2016", "I'm addicted to one of their winter specials, the fried mushrooms. Such golden. Much crispy. Wow.I wish I could be as enthusiastic about the rest of the menu, but I was disappointed by the blandness of the shrimp drunken noodles I ordered. Maybe next time, I'll specify that I want things extra-spicy. I'd have to get sick of the fried mushrooms first to do that, though, so that probably won't be for a long time.", 4, 1], "Ob9oiHGXVL5OUvLTKqW-yw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/22/2016", "Great tasting authentic Thai food. Lots of options with proteins, added veggies, and an extensive tea menu. Tried spicy level 4 (out of 5) and it was both spicy and flavorful. Will definitely be back when we visit Ithaca again.", 5, 0], "PJ-boHbz7X9boOmSHj9jzg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/14/2016", "If you really want thai, go to Taste of Thai. The only plus to this place is that it has more seating than the real Taste of Thai. The food is slightly less good, takes just as long, and costs the same amount. However they deliver, which gives them a one up. So I have definitely taken advantage of that.", 3, 0], "sHR26IzyXCnTXgcqrTOFDw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/5/2015", "In a town with lots of Thai choices, TOT Express fell short for me. Although for a group dinner of five people, the service was exceptional (thank you!), the food was average.It's not bad, I just tasted my Pad See Ew to be overly salty. We ordered \"fresh rolls\" with shrimp to start. The waitress offered to cut the 3 fresh rolls into six pieces for us which was nice for each of us to get a bite! My veggie/tofu Pad See Ew was decent. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy, but the noodles seemed overly salted and salt was the predominant flavor. Ask for a spice rack so you can mix and match some delicious goodies, but when it's overly salted...it's hard to shake that without diluting the dish (which you can't really do!).All in all, I don't think this is a bad choice and keep in mind with this review, I'm only judging them for their one dish -- so some of the other things could be far better (i.e. I've heard their fried rice is phenomenal!).", 3, 12], "CRd4iqi6WlfkPwbQEwA7Ag": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/19/2015", "I had only had taste of Thai express twice before tonight. The first time was four years ago when I ordered some pad Thai to my dorm room. The pad Thai was SO syrupy and sweet. I vowed to never get pad thai from there again. The second time I went was a year later - I had Thai fried rice. After they served it to me with tomatoes in it which is arguably the least Thai thing ever j basically wrote this place off. But I was really craving pad Thai tonight and I didn't want to leave my bed so I took the plunge and ordered some from here. I also got some Thai spring rolls. The pad Thai was a major improvement. Still a little sweet for my taste but no where near what it used to be. I even enjoyed it! I did have a chicken bone in it which wasn't really a pleasant thing to bite into but at least I know the chicken is real?The Thai spring rolls were fine, but their sweet chili sauce is aggressively vinegary. I can usually douse my food in sweet chili sauce but this was overwhelming with even just a little drop. Overall I would order in again - it is definitely the best pad thai that you can get delivered to your door around here.", 3, 0], "UTteElFb1XnY1MLkAP3CZQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/15/2015", "This was some of the best thai food we've ever had. They were able to quickly accommodate our party of 9, and everything we ordered was superb. The chicken satay was incredibly tender, and the dipping sauces were delicious. The spring rolls were crisp and light. And the chive dumplings were wonderful, too. We tried the massamam curry, the green curry, the pad thai, and a few other noodle dishes (I've forgotten their names, sorry!). Every dish was excellent. Our waitress was attentive and lovely, and the prices were very reasonable.", 5, 1], "BGW1iJioqBlrEJDdCrS-_g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/3/2015", "This is the best Thai restaurant in Ithaca. The prices are affordable, and the food is consistently delicious. They have a lunch special during the week, with dishes starting around $6.99 including soup. My favorites are the Yellow Curry and the Red Curry. I highly recommend Taste of Thai Express!", 5, 1], "EDHQJ9ncYds9QjBpoPGUFg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/27/2015", "Yummy food! Their pad se ew is especially delicious! Also give their mango sticky rice dessert a try for a sugar fix. They also deliver via GrubHub which is convenient.", 4, 0], "IKmW_woA95Xc0ALoEaeMbQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/25/2015", "I love Taste of Thai Express. Not only is the food always delicious and the service great, but they are generous members of the Ithaca Community, donating to many causes in the area.", 5, 1], "qt7jZ4p72Lem_wW6ARI_Dg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/11/2015", "Good food at a good price! If you have never experienced Thai food, you're in for a treat.", 4, 0], "awttMn_L_aWJSpPeCIOk8w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/3/2015", "Their yellow curry with chicken is one of the things I miss most about Ithaca, and when I visit, one of my first choices for dinner. They ask you about spice levels, and you can do mild to very brave. Generous portions, usually have some left to take home. The interior is lovely, very classy, love the windows and the ceiling.", 4, 0], "q18U2d7_PzoiH9Z-YWulAg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/1/2015", "Always so yummy! Love these guys! Highlights of the menu are fresh rolls, all the currys, and the DRUNKEN NOODLES. Fresh and tasty. Let them know if you don't like spice though! They'll tone it down for you. Also try the Tom Kha soup!", 5, 0], "xWQulWcPbOesO-SMZs9cMA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/31/2015", "We stopped in for dinner tonight and really enjoyed both the food and the service. We had fresh tools and two different entrees. The staff was very helpful in guiding us through the menu and knew the details of the recipes. One star dropped because the staff was quite slow after we got our food. Checking on us, asking about dinner, and bringing the check were slow. Not necessarily bad but we did want to move on to some errands (to be fair, we had not indicated that we were on a schedule) so it would have been nice if they were watching more.", 4, 0], "5TvV67W3GS96-kSBYwFWMQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/28/2015", "Taste of Thai used to be favorite Thai food in Ithaca. The quality of the food is still good but the flavor has severely diminished over the years. Decent Pad Thai and Green Curry. It's not as authentic as it used to be. Pleasant service and still hits the spot when craving Thai. But I am not impressed by this place anymore.", 3, 0], "zh7aQCO7WUOvXDK4HoVWqw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/24/2015", "I have been here twice with my friend. Both times I ordered the Chicken pad see ew, so I guess that tells you how I feel about the dish. Chicken pad see ew is a broad noodle dish with their Thai broccoli, soy sauce and yellow bean paste. This is my go-to dish aside from pad thai when I try a new Thai restaurant. Since the noodles are broader, it is easier to make the dish very greasy (more oil makes it easer to saut\u00e9). However, this dish was not only not greasy, it was well seasoned and the Thai broccoli gave it a delicious texture. At my second visit, I also split an order of fresh spring rolls (I love these things!) with my friend. To be honest, I was underwhelmed. The order was 3 shrimp rolls which were stuffed very well, BUT they were a bit dry and it just did not seem fresh. The rolls were sitting on a bed of wilted lettuce which made it a bit unappealing. The dipping sauce on the side (peanut, oyster and spicy) was definitely a saving grace. The spring rolls tasted okay but could have used a bit more Thai basil and some mint. Keep in mind, we were eating at 9pm, about an hour before they closed on a Sunday (not that this should be an excuse but just giving some context).Service at Taste of Thai Express is very good. Staff are polite, attentive and respond quickly without being too intrusive. Decor is simple but warm - very nice place to eat for a first date or a family dinner. Things are very affordable and service is quick. Overall, a nice experience and a great place for someone who is trying Thai for the first time in Ithaca.", 4, 0], "G6_HUqPOukMLFtG6YRiPtQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/13/2015", "Great tasting food...curry rocks.. service could be upped by more visits to the table. Great experience. Definitely going back!!", 4, 0], "eBFp8unjCHdA5MVS8W85jA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/1/2015", "Very few places can capture the real taste of authentic Thai food. This restaurant successfully brings a bit of Thailand to you. It appears this place has a loyal following. Families, students, and couples come to this place. I found the service fast and friendly. Many of the wait staff study at Cornell or Ithaca college. So they deserve an extra applause for their hard work at school and here. The food tastes absolutely delicious! The flavors come together to create a symphony of culinary delight. Convenient to downtown, this place offers a wonderful menu of Thai food. The prices look decent. They offer gluten free if you ask. Some of the items include: Fried calamari Pad Thai Pad see ewAssorted vegetables - which you can add chicken, shrimp or tofu to. Fried banana for dessertThe decor looks simple and comfortable. When visiting Ithaca, come to Taste of Thai. It opens until 10 pm. I highly recommend this place.", 4, 4], "SN8VCoVJMmjQXHIAxa5YTQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/30/2015", "Great food and service. They also deliver, but I recommend seating in with friends or family. Nice window lighting ... View of the main road, but hey you got the sky to look at.", 4, 0], "zloJLbpjIdGXXe35ABGKkA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/14/2015", "This place has been my favorite restaurant in Ithaca ever since it opened (back at the old State St/MLK St location). Always tasty, always great service. I've had Thai food in many other places and I'm still partial to this place. The fact that you can get a non-dairy Thai iced tea and seasonal local food offerings just adds to the greatness of this place.", 5, 0], "hhhyLAMAZjSKxVeelgqzkQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/10/2015", "Tried to order lunch there. Would not take my order without me giving up my name, phone number, address etc. Then when it came time to order the lunch special they would allow it to be taken out, only eaten in house. Have eaten there many times over the years. No longer nor will I be recommending it to others. It was just lunch not opening a bank account. Now ordering at Ithaca bakery which only asked me for my credit card.", 1, 1], "KiwXTBOX4os3n9CCOGZmRg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/22/2015", "The good: - Terrific server - we were a group of nine with a variety of dietary sensitivities/preferences & he answered our questions with patience & skill. Kept our waters filled, was right on top of our requests. - Awesome tea menu for the table. - Tofu or mock chicken(seitan) available in any dish! they will make nearly everything vegan or vegetarian at request. - Inside seating area was bright and open, good ambiance. Outdoor seating available too! - Good environment for kids, indoors or out; it's casual. The not-so-good: - We sat for 10 minutes before receiving menus or service. - The food was okay, but not great, which was a bummer. May try again with a different dish.", 3, 0], "v71MgWVUz-DEI-8UFbl1hg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/23/2015", "The best food, service and price in town! The restaurant is always clean and staff is friendly not to mention the food unbelievable. Whenever my family comes to town they always want to go here.", 5, 0], "Xfx56MQtM-BpGjdV_AlULg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/21/2015", "The dishes were delicious and well cooked! Pretty large portions in good prices! Service was amazingly friendly and quick!", 5, 0], "nm8-HwOOS91ezqw08BwrVw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/19/2015", "Spring specialties: crab fried rice and mango sticky rice. Fried rice is made with real crab. And mangos are in season now. Really delicious!We ordered spring rolls, crab fried rice, drunken noodles, and mango sticky rice all for $40. Really affordable and great service.", 4, 1], "_Fj0j7thkJbJRWY3bQwLng": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/2/2015", "Order was delivery - ordered at 6:23pm and arrived 7:50pm. Even during very busy hours, this is just not acceptable. Imagine sitting in a restaurant for more than an hour waiting for your food. I am not sure how the system works, but orders should be filled sequentially. But for some reason, when you order delivery this seems to not be the case. Food:1) Fresh spring rolls - came torn with insides spilled out all over the container. Spring roll wrappers are a bit sticky so while picking them up they can rip, this is understandable. But they came ripped. So they were pre-made and in the process of packing them, got ripped. You wouldn't serve ripped spring rolls in the restaurant, you shouldn't serve them for delivery. The hoisin/hot sauce container was only 1/3 full. There was 1 shrimp per roll (3 rolls total), the shrimp had been split into two. The shrimp tasted gummy and muddy, it felt like potentially frozen shrimp. No flavor at all.2) Spicy Rad Nah - noodles and broth came separately which is good so the noodles don't get soggy. However, the noodles were swimming in grease and stale. They were hard . Additionally, the broth had very little chicken in it. Only 4 or 5 pieces. I understand to accommodate many different tastes, the meat is generally cooked separately then added to the broth, but this meant that the chicken and the noodles had none of the flavor of the broth. Everything played separately, no harmony to the dish.3) Fresh lime soda - this was the only good thing in the order. Tangy and sweet, not too much ice.I am never ordering from Taste of Thai Express again.", 1, 2], "yndf5Nlc846_Pe54VtkkGw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/27/2015", "Everything is great always!", 5, 0], "2eY3rD6j1hYmmM_IP8Te9g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/23/2015", "Great food. Good service. Best of all was enjoying the musical line up of single ladies, I wana dance with somebody and back at one.", 5, 0], "4PaYjEXn6ZbrgiAwyKWg7w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/16/2015", "After my incredibly disappointing experience at Taste of Thai Express two nights ago, I decided to take out from Taste of Thai in the commons. At Taste of Thai the service prompt and friendly which was a stark contrast to that of Taste of Thai Express. In addition the penang curry at Taste of Thai was much better. Moral of the story: ditch Taste of Thai Express and just go to Taste of Thai.", 1, 0], "0rFur4nblJipL84pV1U4Xw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/10/2015", "I ordered for delivery through EatStreet and without exaggeration, it literally took over 2 hours from the time I placed my order till I received it. I called the restaurant and they blamed it on EatStreet for the order taking 30 minutes to come through, which was a lie, as I spoke to EatStreet who said they emailed and faxed the restaurant immediately upon receiving my order. Taste of Thai didn't offer me any consolation or estimate of when I would receive my order after 90 minutes had passed. Just ridiculous. I will never order from here again.", 1, 2], "mc9BLXFKbsxcUgG7TeAaYw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/3/2015", "DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM HERE! Go to grub hub and order, then at least you can be compensated for waiting 2.5 hours for food. I'm still waiting for my food... I ordered my food at 6:36 PM and had an expected delivery time of 7:56. I patiently waited until 8:08, but no food. So I called in and the representative said that the delivery car has my food and will be delivered in 15 minutes. 8:23 passes and still no food. Trying to be a nice customer, I gave the place the benefit of the doubt as it is snowy and icy and I'm sure a lot of people ordered. I call at 9:00 PM, mind you I ordered at 6:36, and the SAME representative said that the order I placed was put in the pick up area. BS. Save yourself the hunger pangs, distressed phone calls, and money. Order from grub hub if you really want taste of thai, cause the service is awful.", 1, 1], "eUQA9yL1IL0WDSBpDLCWqw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/18/2014", "This place is just about as legit as you can get as far as Thai food goes in Ithaca. I usually go with a broad noodle dish. My advice if you like spicy food is to ask for the birds eye chilis to be 'cooked in' so that they add the chilis to the wok when they prepare. Their wok dishes are cooked hot enough so that you get that turn which makes all the difference in thai food. The restaurant is BYOB so its pretty cheap, and convenient. I usually do Pad Kei Mao (sp?) or Pannang Curry with a soup or spring roll. I have friends that swear by the pineapple fried rice.", 5, 0], "10Ba2tnjURFbZBuvgaWM0w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/14/2014", "AMAZING Food and Customer Service. I order take-out from Taste of Thai all the time and it always hits the spot. They only messed up on a take-out order once (I'm vegetarian, but they added meat) and they handled it even better than I could have imagined. After letting them know about this mistake, they sincerely apologized, offered to send the (corrected) order again or refund the money, and were nothing short of professional and caring. They care a lot about their customers, and it shows through both their food and their service. Favorite Items: Rama Noodle, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Pad ThaiPro Tips: I absolutely LOVE cooking with Peanut Sauce, and it's impossible to find anything tasty in the supermarket (I've tried all the brands). If you ask, Taste of Thai will sell you JUST peanut sauce, and it's actually cheaper than buying a bottle of peanut sauce in the store. It stores well and is really great for cooking.", 5, 0], "Xi9Zcm9UCbnolQvWxyS6oQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/6/2014", "The worst service ever. I cancelled my order after waiting 2 hours of my phone order.", 1, 1], "YG17SiljS03Ay_fQms2kPA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/1/2014", "Pretty good Thai food in Ithaca, despite being slightly out of the way and with a very casual ambiance. Good value and a go-to.The vermicelli salad is unique and worth trying.", 4, 0], "xEt7RzUUUrOxvIgyJnCEVQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/30/2014", "This is the best Thai restaurant I have ever been to. They have gluten-free soy sauce the vegetarian drunken noodles come with a wide range of vegetables. All of their dishes can be made quite spicey. The quality of take-out can be hit or miss if you order during peak times, but most of the time and all the time if you are eating there, the food is divine.", 5, 0], "IaS_4G4rYJUHbPCeQo_9Lw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/25/2014", "Looks like they took over an old fast food restaurant. Drive through and everything! However the Thai food was very good, waitress service with An ambience good for lunch or a casual dinner. Family size pot of soup and Great salads and entr\u00e9es!", 4, 0], "Iw0facYSAYGompqgnq6ypA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/25/2014", "We ordered delivery from Taste of Thai Express, and being that I am writing a bad review immediately after trying it demonstrates how bad this place is. Both of our meals were under-flavored and overcooked. The chicken in our meal was the driest I have ever had and the peppers and onions were massive, almost like they just cut them in quarters and dumped them into the takeout tray. I would not recommend this place to anyone and encourage you to not waste your money here. Also, do not make the same mistake that we did of assuming this place is in any way associated with 'Taste of Thai,' which is a separate restaurant in Ithaca.", 1, 0], "LFPcKa2Vccy1DjB03Aac8w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/19/2014", "Food was decent, and the delivery was great! Super fast and the employee was courteous and respectful. If you get delivery, you will not be disappointed! I had Pad Thai, and I wanted it to be a little spicier than mild, but it was kind of dull. Other than that, it was well prepared, still hot, and the portions were great.", 4, 0], "YzbGS2lg2dE0fX_syQK6sw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/6/2014", "I regularly visit Taste of Thai and Taste of Thai Express and love them both. I also have them cater some business lunches, and this is especially great - delicious and inexpensive options for vegetarians and those who need gluten free meals, and helpful service.", 5, 0], "jThB2aL0HYuEdrTht7viEQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/4/2014", "The reason for 4 stars is because they have good service, nice decor, and great desserts! The food is decent as well, although some stir fry dishes can be extremely greasy. (I have been there many times now)We ordered chicken wings ( friend said it was delicious and he is from buffalo), pad Thai, curry, and fried rice. The fried rice was definitely the best flavor out of the three but everything tasted well prepared.The desserts we got were the black sweet rice and chocolate cake. It was the perfect ending to our meal. We are definitely going back!", 4, 0], "pCFTvC1v0B9Wilm8XixKDw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/22/2014", "cant go wrong! it is on the more expensive side of college takeaway but it never fails to meet expectations :)", 5, 0], "W2GY12qKFsq8LFVYSoaQhA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/17/2014", "Great place. I was slightly concerned about the \"express\" label but there was no reason. Very standard thai food that just keeps getting better as you eat! I had the drunken noodles which were really good. No complaints from anyone at the table, we were a party of five and our bill came to just under $45 not including tip. Bring everyone who likes thai food!", 5, 0], "0GF1z0N6e_N_MsVPcuDRrg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/26/2014", "I wanted to like this place, and I wanted to give them 5 stars but I simply can't. I ordered the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles), my ultimate favorite Thai dish, and I was utterly disappointed. I had high hopes for this place, the reviews looked great, and the decor inside and staff were very nice. I honestly felt like my dish was just thrown together without questioning if it was cooked. I guess that's why it's called, taste of Thai express, the service was quick but the quality wasn't there. The dish was bland, I felt like I was eating Chow ho fun, not pad kee Mao due to the lack of spice. Whiling eating my meal I honestly questioned if I went to a Thai or Chinese restaurant. And to make things even more upsetting, one shrimp wasn't cooked thoroughly, and my peppers and onions were still raw. I ordered takeout so maybe the chef thought he could throw this together and everything would cook itself in the heat sealed container? I'm not sure but this was my first experience here and will most definitely be my last.", 2, 0], "QJRaI6_klLOgcUQxffxRXA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/2/2014", "Had at Ithaca Festival:Service was very friendly. The order on the board mentioned NOTHING about the cashew curry entree containing chicken, it was with others that were tofu, etc. Ordered the \"2 option medium plate\". Came with chicken. They need a menu that describes the food they are actually serving. I had to wait for a second plate (though it wasn't long).Whatever she gave me the second time (not precisely what had ordered, because of course the cashew curry was at this moment a chicken entree).Food was quite bland and not tasty.Do NOT think this is TASTE OF THAI. This is \"Taste of Thai\" Express, a completely different business, trying to USE the credibility and reputation of TASTE OF THAI. I will not accept this imitation any more.The last take-out pad thai I had from Express was also no good.", 2, 3], "PCJusqE1FUWnJxGx788AEg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/27/2014", "I will never attend this restaurant again. BEWARE, their online menu system on their website is NOT CHECKED. I have been waiting over 2 hours tonight for my food, and have heard nothing from them. I called after around an hour and was treated rudely over the phone, and I asked for my meal to be refunded. It has since not been refunded, and after them telling me they would still bring my food to me no one has shown up and I've currently been on hold with them for five minutes with no progress on where the &*^$#$ my food is. I wanted to give this place one last chance after being ignored for around a half hour the last time I ate in house, and ate food that was definitely sitting/ old for too long. (do NOT get the fish patties). But after all of this I'm 100% done and as a previous loyal customer I will never go back to this restaurant.", 1, 0], "pkHRctnaKC1ocx1SqqEX7A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/29/2014", "A: busy, local folks, all sorts of ages. decor is minimalist, casual, clean.B: reasonable for dinner in or take out. noodles c/w other thai places similar ranging from 9-12$ Beverages 3$C: The mothership Taste of Thai in the Commons area is what I am used to - and L-O-V-E. But on this particular visit I was walking distance to this location and was pleasantly surprised that the food tastes...better?! I walked in around 7PM Friday dinner rush but I did not feel overwhelmed despite the crowd. I hate that awkward feeling when you walk in and everyone is eating and you have to stand there - hungry, hopeful, and confused (do I wait for someone, do I put my name down somewhere, do I check-in on four square, do I hover, etc) But I walked in and approached the host stand/cashier and placed my to go order \"Pad Kee Mao - beef\" People came in and out and the tables turned pretty quickly and effortlessly. The staff was really conscientous about getting people to the tables and making sure everyone felt they were acknowledged \"are you waiting for a table or pick up?\" I think some owner/manager lady came out and made sure the to go order guests were greeted =) and then this is what made me smile - I asked her about chopsticks with my to go order and she said they are not in the bag. She reached over the counter and grabbed a pair for me saying \"here you go Lynda\" LYNDA. She said my NAME. wow. So if you are in the service business - say people's name loud and often - they like it! Anyways - the noodles were divine - sweet, salty, crunchy veggies, tender beef slices, garlicky soft noodles.", 4, 3], "C-fWLPhFc4_lJFFUmU7MWg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/17/2014", "I'm regular here. Great Thai food for really reasonable price. Service is little slow, but good service. I just wonder why this restaurant doesn't have beer or wine? I like to have some drink with my dinner.", 5, 0], "Fjyq2dWHEr9eQvWoscedtg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/10/2014", "Everything here is amazing! I highly suggest the Yum nua salad, it is delicious. Service was fast and friendly, and the place had a really nice atmosphere. The entrees are huge, so order a few dishes to share or make sure you have a lot of room in your fridge for leftovers.", 5, 0], "WIRv7ttu-J6baXkjFsP5_g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/3/2013", "I usually order noodles, but I take bites of my boyfriend's curry when we go. But I also love the spicy fried rice with tofus. So this place is great if you are dining with vegetarians, those with celiacs or other food allergies. I have enjoyed each meal I have had here. Please remember to get a thai iced tea.", 5, 0], "KJ-gZqAyzToPGpOfsbGSrA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/24/2013", "Love Love Love this place!!! Great price! Awesome taste! Not for a fancy weekend dinner but simply for a lunch treat. Really nowhere else can do better than this place!", 4, 1], "FOAhcbp9jKbcK04kDpPveg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/21/2013", "I definitely have a soft spot for this place, as it was my go-to thai restaurant in Ithaca for four years, but I stand by that this is one of the best pad Thais I have ever had. It was just always delicious and I craved it weekly. They're always extremely fast and perfect for a night ordering in. They also have GREAT peanut sauce - get it on the side!", 5, 0], "rjp0iyPGLP5PMMStPy_CuQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/17/2013", "I've been here a couple times and I love red curry and I hate their red curry. It's way too thick, not aromatic at all and it gets weird and congealed if you take home the leftovers and put them in the fridge. It's almost like some sort of curry pudding which is not appetizing. Things I do like include their lunch special and whatever sauce the spring rolls come with. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing but, come on, it's red curry it's pretty common and should be better.", 3, 0], "t-WrVLBFzK0uH6VMsqQPKQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/10/2013", "I've enjoyed eating at this restaurant in the past, so I think the problem today must had had to do with a new chef or recipe: the food was much too sweet! I expect Thai sitr-fry to be rather syrupy, but this was quite extreme; we had the mixed vegetable and the cashew chicken and both were way over the top for sugar.", 3, 0], "O7WLM72HV21G_tep6AoRKg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/4/2013", "Whenever you simply do not feel like cooking at all or facing the ithaca winter to eat, you should order in from Taste of Thai. They have a decent variety of food, despite not being the most authentic menu around. The Pad Thai, Pad See Ew and the Pineapple fried rice are my go to options that always hit the spot while studying. The fresh lime soda is fairly good but I do not recommend getting the Thai Iced Tea, they put too much syrup that will quickly overwhelm your taste buds.", 4, 1], "MvV61xKFevgqqqx4XbY-pQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/2/2013", "I had a Panang curry with shrimp, tom kha soup and thai iced tea. It is probably one of the best restaurants in Ithaca. Nothing was extremely sweet, which is good, serving sizes were big.", 4, 0], "O9fetBAgKHDJ0bx_xykHTA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/2/2013", "I came here while my car was getting serviced since it was within walking distance and I was in the mood for Thai food. I heard Thai is one of the few types of Asian food Ithaca actually does well.I got the pad see ew here. The chef could cut the noodles up some more; some pieces were practically sheets. It was still pretty tasty though, the noodles and meat had lots of flavor. You can get this and other dishes for the lunch special for around $6 to $7, a very good deal.Service is pretty attentive. They had plenty of staff around despite it being past the lunch hour, so I never had to wait around or get their attention in order to get anything done.Do yourself a favor and finish your meal with the fried bananas. It comes with ten pieces dipped in honey, crispy on the outside, mushy on the inside, and sweet all around. It's only $3.50 and ten is plenty to split between a small group.There's indoor dining, outdoor dining, and apparently a drive-through too, so eat here however you please.", 4, 1], "nF74-CgOnVYtLwdUa54QSA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/19/2013", "They are my go to Thai place. The value for what you get is amazing. I tend to go with the green or yellow curry, my wife enjoys the Rad-Nah or Pad Thai. The spice is good, seldom over or under spiced. The service is always great, I have never waited for anything there and have never been treated anything other than awesome.The have yet to get anything I do not like. The menu could be a little more comprehensive. But it is my go to Thai place, if I want anything they do not have ... I know where Sticky Rice is located.", 4, 0], "Dqc89O1WgOCovJvd5-JZ2g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/24/2013", "The noodles are great. Pad Thai has a lot of good flavor but its more sweet and not that spicy. The pad kee Mao and pad see ew are my favorite. I would recommend going during lunch since its only $6.25 per plate for the meat noodles and you get a small bowl of soup. I would suggest trying the black sticky rice with coconut if u never have", 4, 0], "J1IH6kKY_Acs_XM1nuvb-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/3/2013", "Summary: Taste of Thai Express is an eat-in or take out Thai restaurant.Price: My soda, soup, and fried rice entree were about $15 I think. It was a lot of food and served nicely for leftovers, too!Taste: I've had Thai before, but don't know enough about the cuisine as a whole to judge on the authenticity of it. I can say though that my Tom Yum soup with Shrimp was very good, as was my Spicy Fried Rice with Chicken. The Lime Soda was good, but not quite as good as some of the sparkling limeades I've had in the general region. The spice in the fried rice was nice and not overwhelming (I got a 3 out of 5 spice level), and the addition of the baby corn and assorted vegetables were quite tasty.Atmosphere: We came here for a going away party with a party of 8 and they were very accommodating. The waiters and waitresses were very nice and tentative. We were actually the only ones there for a large duration of the meal, so I can't judge on how it would be with a packed house.Overall: I enjoyed it here! We chose to eat here as some of the other party members recommended it, and it was a good choice. I would come back again and try some of the other items as the menu has a lot of interesting and tasty looking options. Maybe not a 5 as I wasn't blown away, but a solid 4, and I'd recommend it.", 4, 3], "1AfH2Sqm11lWg-8qLrOTvQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/26/2013", "Disappointed. We went there for lunch. No one came by our table for 15 minutes after we were seated and given menus. This might be reasonable if the restaurant was really busy but it was almost 2PM and the place was only 20% full. The gravy in the seafood rad nah was too thick and salty for our taste, and some of the vegetables was tough and not fully cooked. We really like Taste of Thai on the Commons, but Taste of Thai Express just didn't make the mark.", 2, 2], "Rg6PgXDh25avElulQ8MHFA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/25/2013", "Nice place with comfortable indoor and outdoor seating (I love places with cushioned benches lining the wall, especially when there are corner seats). Food came out very fast, waitress was knowledgable and friendly, a fun time was had by all. It lost a star (honestly, a star and a half, if it were possible) because the food could be more flavorful and the check/end of meal dragged and took a long time. My husband liked the seafood tom yum soup and my friend had cashew chicken (I had it with mock chicken) - it was alright, I like my seitan firmer with a chewier texture and there was a slight smokey meat like flavor which I'm not into. I'm going to order differently next time and have high hopes.", 4, 0], "VDsUMJmYEvBaCL-M191CfQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/8/2013", "My new go to place for Thai. The prices are competitive, the food is astounding and the service was great! I got the drunken noodle (my favorite) and everything was great. It had the really wide rice noodles I love, was plenty spicy and was pretty big portion sized too. We also had the spring rolls and fried vegetable rolls and they were great was well though those seem to taste the same everywhere you go.Overall this will be my Thai place for Ithaca!I did have one gripe though, and maybe my standards are too high or maybe I am just used to this but a pot of tea was $4 a pot. Usually this is $1 or cheaper most Asian food places I go to, sometimes even free. Needless to say I love tea with my meal but would not order it here which makes my experience not as great as I'd like but heck, it's not going to stop me from coming back.", 5, 0], "iQT8SY5nDzBf1fxLQrG6Og": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/28/2013", "Decent pad Thai, vegetarian spring rolls, Thai iced tea... wouldn't have written a review but... the pi\u00e8ce de r\u00e9sistancewas the most amazing cheesecake I've ever had -- mango passion fruit!", 4, 0], "wlxdEKhWA1eQT-dgLjpocQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/26/2013", "I have to preface my reviews of Thai places in Ithaca that I do not give sympathy stars in this category, because there are so many good Thai places here in comparison to other cuisines. That being said Taste of Thai Express is the best when it comes to price and service. Their weakness is the food quality and selection, which I think is slightly worse than most of the other Thai places. They don't even carry Laab, which is a very standard Thai dish. The Pad Thai, the curries, and the stir fries are all pretty tasty though.I have had an event catered from them that was a huge success. There was definitely enough food for everyone, with some leftovers, and the bill came in under $9 a person including gratuity. The whole process was super simple with their easy to understand tray pricing, and convenient delivery.", 3, 0], "9z23zDsEdJ2fWEH7VEz3Mg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/22/2013", "This is my go-to spot for fast, reasonable priced Thai food. The spicy green bean, cashew stir fry and drunken fried rice are consistently tasty. The Tom Yum soup is amazing too.The fried rice and drunken noodles vary (sometimes the noodles or rice are undercooked). The best service is in-house. As other reviewers have mentioned, take-out or delivery is touch and go. But I think this applies to most eateries anyway. The dine-in service is pretty solid but there were a few times when my glass was empty and I had to walk up to get a refill or napkin. My partner got an entree that was pretty bland and they took it back without hassle. Service staff are highly aware of ingredients so if you are vegan or vegetarian, you can find a dish without any problem. The mock chicken is pretty good! They don't serve alcohol so be sure to bring a bottle of wine to the table!UPDATE: Unfortunately, I will no longer be eating at this place. The past three to four times, service has been pretty horrible. In fact during the last visit, we waited 15-20 mins. without acknowledgement. This was at lunch... during winter break... in an empty college town. No one was there! There were 5 people eating. We tried talking to the manager and she was hilariously flippant. She gave us a glazed look, asked us if we were leaving and then said \"sorry.\" However, to put this into perspective, the manager seems to be really, really young and indifferent to her job. We have our favorite servers but the rest are pretty horrible (disappearing acts, texting instead of working etc.). It looks like Saigon Kitchen on State Street will have to be my new refuge.", 1, 2], "nhe1WomeZKdazH--pHN12g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/1/2013", "The food is great. They are also very generous with the portions. They are probably the best Thai restaurant in the low cost category. I always go here for Thai.", 5, 0], "PIDvMPcZZIoL9T5Ay-jpxw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/17/2013", "The service is excellent, the food is always good, and the lunch is very affordable. The servings are very generous--enough for lunch the next day.", 5, 0], "XDjsI9oWfFQd7aq6O4yCcA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/10/2013", "Food ok. This is more American Thai. Tamarind taste better.", 3, 0], "9lNFe6F6P8brt0Ar8djjPw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/16/2013", "Yellow curry is so good, so addictive. I wonder how much MSG they sprinkle on it...", 4, 0], "vSPkJUAdlskovMz2zfOZmA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/15/2013", "Have been there a couple of times. Environments are good. Foods are attractive. Recommended any of the curry. Will keep visiting!", 4, 0], "4XBbvgUoQYVaNz2vvYhO5A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/14/2013", "Alright why does this place charge me 17$ for duck curry when taste of thai charges me about 14$ AND have better taste and fresher ingredients? Is it the case that as it gets driven to me from wherever it is, the ingredients magically age quickly and so justify an INCREASE in price? Makes no sense. stay way from this place unless u desperately need thai curry or some kind and don't have a car.", 2, 6], "FCIzRMpxs02H_d7vOchW3w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/26/2013", "After trying at least three Thai restaurants in town, this became my staple for the two and a half years I lived there. Prices are lower than most others, they deliver, and they almost always have seating if you want to dine in. Curries are great and love the pad-see-Eu. Also, the food taste and quality is extremely consistent, no matter if you get it on slow weekday or busy Saturday night.", 5, 1], "T4sBQpsINPYSB_P8mEIy7g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/13/2012", "Taste of Thai Express is one of my favorite restaurants for when I need something for dinner and I'm heading home after work. A quick call and my order is generally ready to go when I make it downtown.While I really enjoy their food (the spring rolls and pineapple fried rice with beef are my favorites), their organization can be a bit disorganized at times. I've arrived at the restaurant at least once or twice within the past few months and they've had an order wrong...or the person tending the register has given me someone else's takeout order. Thankfully, in the latter instance, I double-checked the order when I got to my car and noticed the mistake. The girl who had gotten my order just after had noticed quickly as well, so we both just got back into the restaurant and switched our bags upon noticing the error. Also, as another reviewer said about the curry options, there are also some nights where the curry isn't the best - it can be a bit off in consistency. With things like the curry, vegetable crispness or other matters of preparation though? I think a lot of that probably has to do with timing and how much activity is going on in the kitchen. If they're having to more rapidly prepare food because volume of diners is higher, then perhaps the curry is just fresher/more recently prepared. I don't know. There are certainly better Thai restaurants around town. If I'm going to sit down and enjoy a meal with friends from out of town, for example? I'll probably head over to Tamarind. Taste of Thai Express just happens to be my choice for a quick meal on-the-go and I've been satisfied with my experiences there.UPDATE: My last experience here was AWFUL. Ordered by phone and was told it would be 20 minutes. Arrived on time and it wasn't ready. The restaurant wasn't even busy. I'm fine waiting... but ultimately, I waited an HOUR after arriving (inquiring on the status during that time) for my food. I was so displeased after an hour of waiting (an hour and 20 minutes total since I ordered) that when my order WAS ready? I asked for a manager and my money back.", 2, 0], "jEpwHY3-I4v8xrXGG1sK1A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/14/2012", "tasty Thai food, reasonably priced, excellent service, and a nice atmosphere. Plus, you can BYOB, how awesome is that? Comes in handy with a large party. The take-out service is also very quick, and the wait staff are always very friendly and prompt. Our favorites: pad thai, pad-se-ew, fresh shrimp rolls, and the firecracker shrimp appetizer. Our go-to Thai place in Ithaca, I'd highly recommend it!", 4, 0], "XdE3b3cZXlg1VvwjxVzvog": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/18/2012", "Best Thai in town, best Thai in upstate NY?? Great waitress and great food. Wish i could tell you about the other dishes, but I ALWAYS order masaman curry, it is delicious. This is our go to place in Ithaca, my wife and I have never had a bad meal here and they are usually fantastic.", 4, 0], "27BwX5ujXTJqomp4TJbB5w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/25/2012", "Delicious. At least Ithaca has good Thai food. Yum.The service was great. The waiter kept refilling our glasses with water. I'm pretty sure my friend drank at least 10 cups of water.We had grilled tofu for our appetizers with peanut sauce. The tofu was cooked to perfection. We shared our main courses- ginger chicken and beef pad thai. To me, its important that every Thai restaurant must get their pad thai right. If they can't, they might as well not call themselves a Thai restaurant. Taste of Thai Express did an excellent job with the paid thai. It wasn't too greasy. The beef was tender. The ginger chicken was delicious as well. Prices were super reasonable as well.", 4, 0], "dJbGHFTbH8jq2tttgrpPwg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/17/2012", "Let's be honest here, there are not a whole lot of places I will miss when I leave Ithaca. In fact, I may not miss anything. Taste of Thai Express may come close though. I have ordered the green curry with chicken, the pad thai and the pad see ew, all of which have been tasty and i have been quite happy with the fact that when you order something spicy, it is actually spicy! The portions are large and the prices are quite reasonable. As far as I'm concerned, Ithaca doesn't have a whole lot going for it, but it does have some damn good Thai food.  So congrats on that.", 4, 0], "a_wohywTtGXFp3edYIgWbQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/22/2012", "This has become my go-to Thai in Ithaca. The prices are reasonable (especially for lunch), the dishes are consistently prepared and it's a lot less crowded for dinner than restaurants on or near the Commons. The pad thai, Thai green beans, spicy basil and panang curry are all good. They use good-quality tofu in my opinion, and the fried tofu appetizer is simply a big pile of it. Yum. The grilled beef salad is refreshing, if a little heavy on the lime for my taste.", 4, 0], "jYc9Q1tOpD4E3RVOJxKFyQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/3/2012", "Taste of Thai Express works well as an occasional go-to if we're out running around and need to pick up a quick meal on the way home. It definitely wins points for being fast and convenient and the interior is very pleasant, but I'm never left with a wow-I-should-come-back-again-soon! feeling.Last night, I ordered the Green Curry and my husband ordered the Spicy Rad Nah. This was my first curry experience there, and I won't be choosing it again. The sauce had the consistency of gravy rather than broth, which was very odd, and the flavor seemed...off, somehow. But the Pad Thai and the Spicy Basil have been good on other occasions, so I'll stick with those if/when we come back.With all the different Thai options in Ithaca, this is fine, but definitely not the best. It's great if we need to pick something up on the way home, but if we have the time, I would definitely opt for one of Ithaca's many other Thai options instead.", 3, 0], "BWEvdWl8P4K6JdDYvRgfVA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/1/2012", "I've enjoyed going to this place sporadically over the years. They deliver, have sides of peanut sauce, and are quite reasonably priced. I've loved them as a byob alternative to a busy Taste of Thai.Last night, there just seemed to be a bunch of little things off, so I had to look it up. And it looks like every now and then they just mess up on handling the food. Here is the report from their last inspection:(Sourced from tompkins-co.org/health/e\u2026)Nov 2011:Taste of Thai Express, C-IthacaPotentially hazardous foods were not kept at or below 45\u00baF during cold holding. Mussels were observed at 51-53\u00baF. The product was rapidly re-heated to 165\u00baF prior to return to service.Potentially hazardous foods were not stored under refrigeration. Cooked tofu was observed at 70-80\u00baF on a counter. Taste of Thai Express staff discarded the product during the inspection.Toxic chemicals were not labeled. A spray bottle of sanitizer was not labeled at the time of the inspection. The product was appropriately labeled during the inspection.A re-inspection was satisfactory.", 1, 8], "-GPoJfT4zfKN0CiClFsFYQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/28/2012", "Highly recommend it. I always get the Vegetarian Spring Rolls and the Goong Salong for appetizers, chicken Tom Yum soup and Pinneaple Fried Rice. The service is great even when you order a delivery.", 5, 0], "SYNmY4JoP57fAu7NvrtG4w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/26/2012", "I have been here a number of times for lunch. As I really enjoy Thai Curry, I have tried both the green and red. I think the green curry is quite tasty. The Tom Yum soup that comes with lunch is good. I agree with some of the other reviews about the inconsistent spice level (the reason they do not get a 5 star rating). Adding to my review: have now tried almost everything on the menu, big fan of the Pad See Ew in addition to curries. The Spicy Basil and the Spicy Rad Nah are also excellent choices. The inconsistent spice level is much more consistent now but still variable, just not as often. Also, having had delivery from here a lot, my observations are that the red curry is fantastic on delivery but the while the green is good it is better in the restaurant right out of the kitchen. Some of the noodles dishes like the Rad Nah are not good for delivery. Nothing against the dish (I like it), it just does not travel well.For an appetizer, the firecracker shrimp is quite tasty.", 4, 0], "VkxrhWNUTIueFAAhDDIq1A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/23/2012", "Delicious and very fast. I always get the Panang Curry here, so I can't speak to the entire menu. The Panang is creamy, peanutty, and has a nice warm spice.  I always get take out, but the ambiance is really nice at the restaurant. I expected it to be divey (since it's called \"express\") but it's quite nice inside. I would definitely consider it date-night material!", 5, 1], "2MP13QzT4miqCiID8G30bw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/29/2012", "The food is good. I like the curries, especially. The problem? The portions are too small. I don't like to pay premium prices for an entree just to have to leave the restaurant hungry. Also, I think all the Thai places in town have started diluting their previously creamy, thick coconut curries with water. The curries used to be so much better...", 2, 0], "PtNudwrNlKWiSZJmp6f79g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/16/2012", "The interior is nice and relaxing. Wait staff is pleasant. The appetizers were great. But the yellow curry just missed the mark.Thai curry is a little lighter and more \"brothy.\" This was too thick like gravy. The potatoes and carrots were also mushy. But the curry sauce itself had good flavor.", 3, 0], "1bZaI9oL9Wf0beg9md35xQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/27/2011", "Let me say up front that i do not care for cilantro or spicy foods, so that colors my view. I have been dragged here twice by colleagues and once by family and really can't complain too much. The service is uneven: sometimes good, sometimes they ignore you. The food seems well prepared and fresh. I get the chicken satay since it tastes the least like Thai food. It's fine, nothing to write home about. Prices are high for what you get.", 2, 0], "kV-Ap3Zjhnvr6Gdtp4Kv9Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/22/2011", "this place was fantastic! coconut soup was delicious and huge. i had green curry and it was yummy. fiancee had thai fried rice. a little boring for me, but was great for what it was. was in ithaca visiting a friend and i am sure i will come back here on my next trip.", 5, 1], "xUxKF6TclI2T-MS2fIy0dg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/17/2011", "Went for early dinner. Friendly staff, no complaints about the space. Timely service. Good experience overall.Drinks- naked fruit smoothie- mango.. Just as it says - straight up mango puree. If you're expecting \"smoothie\" you may not like it- but I love mango and loved the drink. I got the green tea with chrysanthemum - that tasted a little different.Appetizers:fried tofu - average, no flavor but not greasy. Spring rolls- very much like the microwave ones you get in the freezer section of the grocery store. Meal: drunken noodles. Good portion, about 1/2 meat and 1/2 noodles- labeled on the menu with \"two chilies\" to indicate very spicy- it was a little spicy.Other notes:Small one person restroomTheir catered tofu was good.", 3, 0], "c1Pw4qEYMzaWQbbMIejw-Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/13/2011", "I'm not a big fan of Thai food but I like this place.I ordered Spicy pork fried rice and it was really good. I ordered level 5 but I felt it wasn't spicy enough- or there wasn't enough spicy sauce on my food. But it was still good.I also got Shrimp spring rolls since I was craving it for a long time. And it did satisfy my craving. So thumbs up for that. But most of all, their delivery was what impressed me. My dorm has bad cell phone reception so I ended up not seeing the voicemail on my phone until twenty minutes after. The delivery girl was really nice about it and brought my food back within ten minutes. And mostly, my food was still hot. Double thumbs up. So overall, I was very pleased with my meal. And food quantity/quality ratio to price is decent. I will continue to order from here.", 4, 1], "NMF-jrRn2eXmya-_cWoggg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/10/2011", "This place seems to be popular with my fellow Cornellians, so I was extra disappointed when we visited.Although busy, the place was not full, and two of us had to wait 10 minutes to be acknowledged by a host and then seated. 10 more minutes passed (literally, I'm not exaggerating time here), and we had yet to even see a waitress to ask us for drinks or anything. At this point, we went back to the host, and told him we hadn't been attended to. He apologized, and he himself took drink orders. 5 more minutes passed, no drinks (we had both ordered tap water!).On top of all of this, the place was filthy. Floor was not vacuumed, and our table was greasy and filled with debris. I'd love to rate the food, but after 25 minutes and no water, we left and headed to Garcia's, never having tried, or intending to in the future try this dump.", 1, 11], "ELRoiPQH85kc_tKBjwN3jg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "8/20/2011", "NOT vegan-friendly. The last time I called to place an order, which was more than a year ago, I told the waitress we needed vegan versions of the entrees. She said that it was only possible to get TWO of their entrees without fish oil, and neither of them were entrees I or my husband wanted. She said that while a waiter (or other waiters) had told diners (including myself, just a few weeks earlier) that vegan-options were possible, she had confirmed with the kitchen that their food was awash in fish-oil. Maybe she's wrong, maybe not, but if there is so little awareness among the wait staff about what is and is not vegan, I'm certainly not going to risk going there. I'm pretty vexed that I may have ingested fish oil due to their internal miscommunication.", 1, 3], "8A2zDz2VrWscAdLQLOjD4Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/22/2011", "Just got lunch take-out.They put me on hold for a couple minutes when I called to place my order, then hung up on me by mistake.The food was greasy, especially for a tofu and vegetable dish. And they charged an extra dollar because I ordered tofu and vegetables instead of just tofu. The dish would have come with some vegetables anyway, and there wasn't any more quantity of food. I only noticed the extra dollar after I paid.They made me wait several minutes to pay for my lunch takeout as the counter attendant did something with the casher computer.Overall, not a great experience.", 2, 1], "tEAZOHB7E_k0nMLXcOoQZQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/25/2011", "I have ordered take out here almost every week for three years. So, that about covers how much I love it. And every time I order, each dish is a lil bit different...just a touch. Enough that I love ordering Pad Thai and never getting the same exact dish. My \"complaint\": I wish they would expand or change the menu.", 5, 2], "xlQIuAKwTmpj4u4z-WY1sw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/22/2011", "I have lived in Ithaca on and off for 9 years. I know all the Thai places, and Taste of Thai express is my favorite go-to, and the only one I go to consistently. I love their outdoor seating, and their food is great, and service is really pleasant. Having been a waitress for 5 years so far, I am picky about my waitstaff. They are attentive but not in-your-face - the food is speedy and well-timed. The food is fantastic and not too greasy but totally flavorful..their curries are superb!! Thai in Ithaca is difficult - there are SO many places to choose from. If you are going to live here a while, shop around! Everyone's taste is different. If you are just here for a little while, try Taste of Thai Express on Meadow St., and you won't be disappointed!", 5, 2], "iaLGp5VmKBO0Gx9eTWvayQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/17/2011", "Since my original review, we've ordered take-out or delivery 3 more times, so I've had their food four times in recent months.Two of the four times the spiciness was way out of whack. One of those times it was so spicey that it made me nearly cry, caused me to feel my pulse in my ears (?weird!!) and made me feel like I was going to just die. It was horrible and I like spicy food. I typically order a 2 or 3 on the spicy scale (out of 5, and that level of spice is pretty spicy, but enjoyable, normally), but this was just exponentially hotter. My husband tried it and apologized to me for having such an inedible meal. My husband eats meat and I don't so there was no way to share his dinner. We've had two deliveries. The last time (this past Friday) I called at 5:40 pm. That is before any real dinner rush, I think. I was quoted an hour, which I thought was pretty long for the time I called, but agreed. More than 1.5 hours later, the delivery arrived. Delivery from 0.5 miles away should never take 1.5 hours. I should have just walked over to pick it up.I also had the worst upset stomach I've had in quite a while after eating the meal this last time. I cannot prove that it's from Taste of Thai Express, but within an hour, my stomach was gurgling and then I was sick for the next full day. Horrible! So, our short stint of ordering Taste of Thai Express has come to an end. The food did taste fine, but there are just too many choices to go back to a place that is so inconsistent with spice that it felt like I was going to be injured by eating my meal, dealing with such a severe upset stomach, and waiting sooo long without any update or explanation.", 2, 0], "k_agi0PXCop_nu4ZRgiWzQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/15/2011", "I order here at least once a week if not more. I will say that it's very inconsistent as far as spicy levels. I find it to be the best Thai I can get in Ithaca. I usually get take-out or delivery so it's super convenient that they offer delivery. I'm fine with the prices. They could be a little cheaper since I don't think the ingredients are the highest quality. There's not much to say about Express other than I've never been disappointed by the food.", 4, 0], "Qi8K3doZMxtK6SpMYRsgrA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/11/2011", "Oh my do I love this restaurant!! I love how for every single dish (even soup, salad, curry, rice, pad thais, and so on) they allow you to add chicken, beef, shrimp, seafood mix, mock chicken, tofu, or mixed vegetables. Very reasonably priced. Quick, friendly, knowledgeable service. LOVE the byob feature. We always bring our own bottle of wine. My husband and I have had many filling and delicious meals here for under $50!", 5, 2], "4DhjNTZwuPycI3FOTQFuvw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/26/2011", "I ordered food from here via campusfood.com, and since they do not deliver to my house, I had to go and pick it up. I arrived and waited a few minutes for my preorder which was supposed to be ready at 6, and they were pretty prompt. Upon arriving home, I found that my order, which was supposed to consist of 2 pad thais and an order of vegetarian spring rolls, only had the 2 pad thais. I called the restaurant to see if I could get a credit since I knew they did not deliver to my house. The man I spoke with placed me on hold for a few minutes and when he came back, he asked me if I was sure because the guy in the back was pretty sure he had placed them in there. I had had a really long day so I did not need to be questioned, but I informed him that I was standing right by the bag and no, there were no mysterious spring rolls hanging out. He said, well then we'll just give you something else next time. Not entirely sure what this meant, I asked him if there was any way he could give me a credit to my card. He said no since I already paid (though I dont understand why that would make a difference), and that they would just give me free spring rolls next time. I asked him how I could be sure this would happen, and his reply was to pause for a few moments and then reply in an EXTREMELY rude and annoyed tone, \"I have your name. In a book. Next time just say you want free spring rolls. We're a BUSINESS. We'll DO it\" OK???\". I said OK! and then he hung up on me. I am sorry, but there is no excuse for treating a customer that way ESPECIALLY when they were the ones who screwed up in the first place. NOT ONCE did he even apologize. I know they are just spring rolls, but I had a really F******ng long day in a hospital and I was hungry, so please treat me with some respect. ANd how was I supposed to know that he had \"my name in a book\"? To me that seemed like a pretty legitimate question. I like the food at this place (don't get your Pad Thai spicy, they just throw some chili pepper on it and don't mix it in), but if it weren't for my free spring rolls hanging in the air, I would not go back because of this jerk. Taste of Thai express: Do yourself a favor and hire someone with a better attitude and a sense of customer service.", 2, 2], "9CqBNI9uGKYe7uwTV9uNpg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/16/2011", "A solid two-star restaurant, imo. The Kee Mao noodles are greasy, so don't order them. You end up with about a tablespoon of grease in the bottom of the dish after you've eaten the noodles. You've probably consumed another 1.5 tbsp. Really quite disgusting. The curries are fine, but so are everyone elses in town, so... Also, don't serve red rice or sticky rice, this would have garnered an extra star. IMO, don't order here. This is one of several failures of Thai restaurants in Ithaca. There is only one good one (I've tried them all).", 2, 0], "W22ihy7Itck4ajkfN4Ieww": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/6/2011", "Reasonable, great tasting Thai food. The service is attentive and quick. I'm also not a big fan of spice so I really appreciate that they make every dish to order and can easily make dishes without too much spice and of course taste delicious. The Tom Kha is amazing. Love that the options are: chicken, beef, shrimp, fish, seafood mix, tofu, or mock chicken. The BYOB is great!", 4, 0], "KrIK3X8_f49TFmcMeCEo-w": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/5/2011", "I was a huge fan of TTE when it was located on State Street. Since moving to the new location, I find that both the food and service have gone downhill quite a bit. I consistently rated the old TTE a solid 5 stars, but the new place gets only 2. I've dined at the new place many times, wanting to give it a chance, but the last time I ate there was the proverbial last straw. The food was mediocre at best and the service was slow. It's too bad because this was one of my favorite restaurants in Ithaca.", 2, 0], "TGDzGToCduT3goPTFfXwYw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/2/2010", "I was a little hesitant about coming here. While I saw vegan options could be made, there is sometimes mis-communications over the term 'vegan' when I eat out at Thai or Chinese food places.Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable, even telling me that something typically had a fish base, but they could make it without, and to make sure to tell the server of that in the future. More importantly, he did not seem at all annoyed with any of my questions/requests, and he was more than helpful.My food was delicious. My boyfriend also really enjoyed his food and they made it spicy enough for him. I found that the portion was more than fair.The atmosphere was romantic, yet comfortable and laid back.I will be going back for sure.", 4, 2], "OebLWZLsUsBy3otVmTGZ8A": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/17/2010", "This is a great Thai restaurant with a really nice atmosphere. The place feels (and probably is) new and modern. The ambiance is great for a date, and the wait staff was friendly on the few times I went. We got our food super fast.The food is pretty good and the portions are just right. The Thai noodles and fried rice were right on the money, not too heavy on taste but not too light either. I like the fact that you have the option of adding any meat to a dish. I guess you can do that at other places too, but I just like the way its presented on the menu. It made ordering and deciding what to get much easier. Overall, I'm a fan of the place, and would recommend everyone else giving it a try.", 4, 2], "YZf4L5KZApLxL2pEFh8G1g": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/6/2010", "The food quality is very inconsistent. The first time we ate in August 2010, the food was very good. The second time we went back in early October, all three dishes were terrible. The beef were chewy like it came out of the freezer and thawed in microwave before cooking. The rice spring rolls were really cold because they were made in the morning and then served at dinner time, straight from the refrigerator. The dessert (sticky rice) were made several days prior. I don't know what happened in the kitchen, but it was a disappointing meal.", 1, 1], "f8ZfC0NAgGqAWhX73QjrpQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/24/2010", "I really like Taste of Thai Express. Their Pad Thai is consistently good. I also love their Massaman Curry. Their lunch specials are a great value, too.", 4, 1], "evUBdWoQzpCJmK1BpBBIsg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "10/16/2010", "Romantic atmosphere, check.Polite waiters, check.Food and price? Meh, okay, definitely did not live up to the hype. My friends had told me this place was the best Thai restaurant in Ithaca. No my friends, instead go to Tamarin. Not only is it much cheaper, it tastes much better and gives you much more food.I had the red curry chicken here and my friend had the pad thai with shrimp. Curry was okay, I love spicy food, definitely was not spicy enough. It wasn't authentic, they \"Americanized\" it down. The pad thai was a little too sweet for my taste, but not bad. Honestly, it's a nice restaurant to go to on a weekend, but with the tons of other Thai restaurants available in Ithaca, you could maybe skip this one. Oh also, Thai Tea wasn't too great either, skip it and save yourself the money.", 3, 5], "2gaWv3E2pUiGloNe88L0AA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/12/2010", "A few bad experiences and one really horrible experience with the level of service at Taste of Thai Express is enough to make me never go back, no matter how much I love pad thai. (And I really *really* love pad thai.)The last time I ordered take out tofu pad thai, I accidentally took home chicken pad thai instead because the staff had mixed up some orders. The worst part was that when I went back to the restaurant to get my correct order, there was only rudeness instead of what should have been an apology. On other occasions, the level of service was similar to most of the other reviews here (i.e. dismal).From now on, I'm taking my pad thai needs somewhere else. There are several Thai restaurants in Ithaca, and it shouldn't be hard to find a business who is more on top of things and nicer to their customers than Taste of Thai Express.", 1, 5], "kTBqCBXwZtqaf_M2g-ytNA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/29/2010", "Service was slow which was odd since there were only 3 tables eating. The satay strips were left out too long. The prie fixe menu for lunch is good value but I waited 10 minutes for my water glass to be refilled. It never was.", 2, 2], "KW_wT6H9U0kiDNyiRfkgXQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/27/2010", "I think Taste of Thai is better. I've ordered from here several times for delivery and the pad thai is not very good. There's an option to order it on the spicier side but they just but those red peppers in it and it detracts from the dish significantly. On several occasions the pad thai has been dried out and the chicken is dry and it's just not very good quality at all as far as pad thai goes. I like their spring rolls and fried tofu though and the pad thai in Taste of Thai (non-express) is much fresher and better but still not as good as I think it should be. The prices are a little expensive as well.", 3, 0], "a6kxah_7NoUVD-4wKSHBPw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "6/17/2010", "Amazing thai food - get the big thick noodle dishes if you want to experience Thai heaven. Seriously. Amazing.The service was hideous - it took 15 minutes to place our order, and my water glass sat empty for a long time. They're certainly not living up to the \"Express\" in their name. But the food more than makes up for it. Big noodles. Do it.", 4, 0], "kDQbjW914xnOES-pI3XVHg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/15/2010", "Ithaca has a surprising number of Thai restaurants considering it's size, and while Taste of Thai Express would be good anywhere else, considering the competition in Ithaca, there's better places to go.First the positives - good value for the money, in terms of amount of food for the price. The decor at their new location is nice and a lot better than their old location. The wait staff was friendly.Now the negatives - despite the fact that it was a midweek night (they weren't that busy), our water glasses went empty for far too long. I don't expect them to be constantly filled, but it shouldn't take more than 5 minutes to notice a (whole) table of empty water glasses.I had the \"drunken noodle\", and perhaps the cook was not having a good day, but the vegetables were cold and the noodles were way overdone.My dining companions had no problems with their food however so I might have just been unlucky...In short, not a bad place and probably the cheapest decent Thai food in Ithaca, but I'd rather spend a little more and go to one of the other Thai restaurants if I were to eat out.", 2, 2], "nAVUin4Y7YLoIPWvFwYyVg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "3/19/2010", "Taste of Thai Express has the best Thai food in Ithaca and we have five Thai restaurants. If you want great food choices and you are not in New York City, then Ithaca is the place to be. Now that Taste of Thai is on Route 13 and next to Dunkin Donuts its easy to find and is always slamming busy.Here they don't have a liquor license so feel free to BYOB and this makes it even better ....", 5, 1], "qdBTPm1GB-idTxSlrNaLvA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/26/2010", "Taste of Thai Express became a tradition for my best friend and I; each weekend we'd alternate treating each other to food from here!They have a great selection and speedy delivery (usually). You can also order how spicy you want each item, though careful -- some orders just come out more spicy than others.I recommend any of the curry dishes, but my favorite is panang curry.", 5, 0], "1GOIu_hYpu418j6LuEA-mQ": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "1/29/2010", "Taste of Thai Express is much, much better than Taste of Thai price and service-wise. The food is overpriced, but so is all the food (and rent) in Ithaca and it is a little cheaper at Express. From what I have been told, even though they are both owned by the same family, different brothers own and operate each one. This brother is doing a much better job. If that info is true, the other side of the family that runs Taste of Thai should really look at what his brother at Express is doing (and his prices, which are slightly better). His staff is much happier and treat their customers with courtesy... they do not have the chipped shoulders that Taste of Thai (on the Commons) employs. For whatever reason, Taste of Thai charges you a couple more dollars to be horribly abused by the staff (this is not even a little exaggerated). Overall, Express is a better value than other thai places here because, even though the food might be a bit better in quality at Sticky Rice (for example), it is even more expensive there than at TOTE. So I order frequently here for the better value.The staff at Express are always very sweet, helpful and prompt. The delivery guys too- they are always great.Even though I order from here often, I would order throughout the week if it was a little more affordable.", 3, 1], "yqUX0haR4NrzXQC2Am-hNA": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "11/6/2009", "I know many would argue otherwise, but Taste of Thai Express is way better than the original Taste of Thai. Hands down.The food is good, the price is good, BYOB is great (no corking fee!), it's less crowded (and tastier) than the original restaurant, and they're great with delivery.The noodles are a bit greasy, so keep that in mind, but they make for some FANTASTIC hangover food. Or late night food. Or... Iwantsomegreasythainoodles food. The curries are delicious as well.", 4, 0], "Rou-u4E2nTUeE6LePKcMLg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "9/22/2009", "More like mediocre Chinese than anything Thai. Ordered a \"Spicy\" noodle dish. Have been burnt before, so ordered 4* hot out of 5*. However, I encountered ZERO HEAT. Ketchup is spicier. The sauce was overly corn starched like a lot of bad chinese food sauces. Pork in the noodles was dry/tough. Vegetable selection was more Chinese than Thai. On the bright side, got some fresh rolls w/ shrimp, they were pretty good. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it, but frankly, from the reviews here I seem to be in the minority.", 2, 1], "nMNmVLHeuULJahVckmkxng": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/28/2009", "I was a graduate student in Ithaca and this had been one of my favorite places those 5 years. Me and my friends agree that it is better than the Taste of Thai that is located in the Commons. We really like most of the entrees in their menu and I really recommend their specials. They are always extremely tasty!Also, the fact that you can go there with your own bottle and enjoy your wine with no corkage fee makes it really attractive. We had so many bottles of Riesling there with my girlfriend over these years!Just as a piece of advice, ask them to prepare your dishes at the level of spiciness that you enjoy. Most of the time the dishes are not that spicy, unless you explicitly state that you want them that way.Delivery is pretty reliable too!", 5, 2], "a5DZgwM6WtxIsAEkjgfW9Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "2/2/2009", "This is my last year in Ithaca as a graduate student at Cornell, and with regret that I report that we found this gem of a place a tad late. As many residents of Ithaca would agree, we are blessed to have a few tasty restaurants in the form of Thai cuisine in Ithaca, and Taste of Thai would obviously go to the top of the list. However, the original flavor that we enjoyed at Taste of Thai began to subside recently-may be the sign of the times?-, I was surprised to find that Taste of Thai Express (hence the Express) offers better tasting food than the former. In the past year, I thought that Express was just a to-go place of Taste of Thai, I did not bother to eat there for some time. Recently, a classmate who can point out very good restaurants treated me with Thai food - chicken sticks, Tom Yan soup, Pad Thai and Shrimp rolls - from the Express, which won me over. Although I believe that the Thai restaurants in Ithaca area offer a rather high quality (even for an Asian like me) of food and services - I visited couple of Thai restaurants in San Francisco during my undergraduate days and can compare my experience from there - , I must say that the Express is the best out of them all. As they say in the website, the material of the food are of high quality (mostly organic food grown in Ithaca), and seem to use less MSG, an artificial ingredient that many Asian restaurants are fond of using. Most of all, as my former PR manager wife who fondly remembers the great food from Singapore during her business trips there, would agree that the taste and the quality of the food from the Express is very much like the ones that she had in Singapore. Although we would order from Express for home delivery, you can certainly visit the place for an on-site dining experience, which we have yet to do so. However, before we get to move on out of the city in summer, we will very likely visit the place in person as well as continuing to order tasty Thai food from the Express. All in all, very good restaurant to satisfy your Asian food cravings.", 5, 1], "I9yfpOBCVqlb1LVS5Hej3Q": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "12/1/2008", "I ordered the Pad See Ew, Yellow Curry and Spicy Chicken wings. The experience overall with this restaurant was not-so-great. The Pad See Ew (my favorite thai dish) was horrible.. the noodles were hard, which is not right and overall didn't taste good at all. The spicy chicken wings were digusting. It had some sort of red marinara type sauce all over it which tasted like baked ketchup. The only decent dish out of the three was the curry. Also, the delivery service took half an hour longer than quoted.", 2, 0], "vFWUKk1OhCEM6JccVGQ_Fw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "7/9/2008", "Most of my take-out dollars are spent at taste of Thai Express. Its easy to order online or on the phone, and their delivery service is prompt. i've enjoyed the cast majority of food I've ordered there, although I have found the level of heat in their spice to be a bit inconsistent.", 4, 0], "-B8Dek4nus72cTmCuE_tzg": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "5/6/2008", "Cheaply priced Thai food - from the makers of Taste of Thai, with a slightly different menu that delivers!The food was good and the timing wasn't bad on the delivery... though the driver could have a bit better knowledge of Cornell campus it just takes away the bonus points.I haven't visited the establishment - but you can call in or order via campusfoods.com for orders, quick and convenient.", 4, 0], "W-kcANZHJF4jcdYHog1LBw": ["Yelp", "Taste of Thai Express", "4/5/2008", "Nothing here really stands out compared to the original restaurant Taste of Thai in the Ithaca Commons and thus I would go to the original if you plan on dining in. yelp.com/biz/taste-of-th\u2026If you can, definitely dine in instead of take out as the flavor is simply not the same when you bring it home.", 3, 0]}
